0	have you seen a purple elephant ?
0	last question any reviews from nasa ?
0	and the c team was my group.
0	robert and michael meeropol thanks very much.
0	ben thanks so much of updating us.
0	we don't try to control the river.
0	so eckerstrom says it's more culturally integrated.
0	now that brings us to the ammonia.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	if the clot is not dissolved fast.
0	mara liasson npr new the white house.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	i was there it was quite extraordinary.
0	and here was a great test case.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	thomas jefferson possibly had that put in.
0	you have to be careful of that.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	i mean there's all kinds of things.
0	he changed his image from last year.
0	so that's what i have to say.
0	great to talk to you as well.
0	the average age you say is 49?
0	we're weaving our way between exploded cars.
0	so we are warming the planet up.
0	still the i.d. card has it critics.
0	it's what the schedule gods give you.
0	these jurors didn't seem sophisticated to us.
0	this is the conundrum we all face.
0	ana marie cox thank you very much.
0	many   older americans were involved in that.
0	so let's take the indirect evidence first.
0	and why don't we begin with jenny?
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	of course you could live somewhere else.
0	president george h.w. bush: read my lips.
0	it doesn't mean i have good taste.
0	what do we know about tim cook?
0	no one would hear of the sacrifice.
0	well i bet the food is great.
0	of course wikileaks was only about american.
0	so it's another interesting day in harrisburg.
0	that was pretty much wrap your leg.
0	bob bloomfield the champion of darwin 200.
0	no one was coming to collect them.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	many homes are without water and electricity.
0	flake says the message is what matters.
0	well i was walking down the street.
0	with us is chad brown of alphablogsports.
0	pray for them that despitefully use you.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	and it's 18 minutes past the hour.
0	do you think congress should do that?
0	the administration's move is not without precedent.
0	we were told 100 people would come.
0	but social scientists say wait a minute.
0	she joined us from studios in dublin.
0	it can be very challenging at times.
0	it looked like a disaster relief area.
0	though accurate the statement can be misleading.
0	public anger is swirling with small protests.
0	because that's the most you can do.
0	he was later diagnosed with the flu.
0	i couldn't have agreed more with her.
0	our deadline this week is 3:00 p.m.
0	but electric vehicles are cheaper to operate.
0	it's known by detractors as pink slime.
0	what about relations between india and pakistan?
0	he doesn't care about the people here.
0	the stock is well over 400 now.
0	they just you know fend it off.
0	so i imagine the protestants are happy.
0	most of them are serving as advisers.
0	no i want to do something else.
0	abbas is also known as abu mazen.
0	we'll talk with a reporter who's there.
0	yeah well i've always loved that fact.
0	it's just just part of the family.
0	mine is it's flawed from the beginning.
0	when assad refused reform he switched sides.
0	dan where did you find that joke?
0	i mean madura calls the protestors nazi-fascists.
0	buhari supporters are jubilant including aisha birma.
0	he is federal prison in ashland kentucky.
0	she was a very popular little girl.
0	more than 300 people are reported dead.
0	and again i say i'm very practical.
0	you have to be smarter than that.
0	yeah let's talk about that second attack.
0	but there are some questions being raised.
0	it's not a great deal for homeowners.
0	you got your hooks in us already.
0	there's one more thing that's troubling people.
0	so that is part of their argument.
0	do you think that's the right strategy?
0	he'd struggled with one job after another.
0	can we get that on a dollar?
0	she doesn't see the need for it.
0	the show is hbo's acclaimed western deadwood.
0	the case was later overturned and reversed.
0	no no they were exactly the same.
0	i have gifts from family and friends.
0	so what did the richmond police change?
0	it's in trouble in japan and germany.
0	his lieutenant governor is running for governor.
0	the whole team didn't need to go.
0	he joins us now from jackson mississippi.
0	well none of it by the cia.
0	and we don't know what he's done.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	what did we find from this report?
0	and tom's with us from santa barbara.
0	reanne thanks very much for the call.
0	and we'll be watching that with you.
0	turkey knows it has an image problem.
0	sometimes they believe me sometimes they don't.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	i talked to kids in seattle washington.
0	it gives us hope tonight's the night.
0	if i said here are 10 classrooms.
0	thank you very much for calling stephanie.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	is home ownership still the american ideal?
0	i think that that's really really important.
0	it's just not going to happen politically.
0	finally they put me in a chair.
0	but it didn't turn out that way.
0	good and evil were malleable terms now.
0	because he's you know an intelligent man.
0	it would've been audubon's first published illustration.
0	it's also a way to stay sober.
0	so retailers are on to this trend.
0	her job is to haze the gulls.
0	thank you for having me here today.
0	we've gone through a 53-day circus here.
0	and thank you for being with us.
0	now let's get back to now-senator gillibrand.
0	it's always lovely to be with you.
0	what are the benefits in your mind?
0	when negotiations fail the justice department sues.
0	we just got to get to work.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	there's also no mortgage crisis in canada.
0	but in the end that wasn't enough.
0	i think that they've just performed spectacularly.
0	when are the elections supposed to happen?
0	hey how are you guys doing today?
0	so let's talk about the security measures.
0	so it wasn't just a simple inquiry.
0	and it was a big hit actually.
0	scott with us from kansas city missouri.
0	something will make them remember this moment.
0	let's look at what iran has done.
0	are there innovations in areas of study?
0	we will have to see what happens.
0	and it gets very quiet over there.
0	you would support the bill that democrats.
0	so i changed my tone of voice.
0	let's bring another voice into the conversation.
0	grant thanks very much for the call.
0	yes yes yes because it's a thing.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	do you feel prepared to do that?
0	well they tend towards the high 30's.
0	what more do you want from brownie?
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	john brown didn't quite get that right.
0	and carmakers are starting to get nervous.
0	how long you've been playing the puzzle?
0	those who wanted to campaign were campaigning.
0	we're wishing   him good luck next week.
0	when am i going to be levitated?
0	these protest camps surround a flood plain.
0	we shelter them and we feed them.
0	can i ask you a question here?
0	so i'm not living over record sales.
0	this is about employers breaking the law.
0	tell us a little bit about it.
0	they have an eco-friendly line of clothing.
0	it's about 200 feet in the air.
0	eliasson is no newcomer to american politics.
0	i want them to buy stock outright.
0	and it's understandable that they should be.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and as you mentioned people are nervous.
0	they treat him like the dalai lama.
0	have you been patrolling at the   superdome?
0	so hopefully that's clear enough for everyone.
0	yes it is always of a concern.
0	it was really to give it out.
0	there's a backdrop to this celebration today.
0	i know i'm going to live now.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this has already escalated beyond that point.
0	supporters say he's a jfk with tattoos.
0	my idea was never to sell anything.
0	williams was eventually diagnosed with multiple sclerosis.
0	from denver npr's debbie elliott has more.
0	they're students from moss landing marine laboratories.
0	you know it looks has nice paint.
0	we have moved that conversation to tomorrow.
0	and i'm talking about the blue boxes.
0	a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device a vbied.
0	which the administration had signed on to.
0	as for the confederate flag it's impolite.
0	do you think it's a good policy.
0	often the complainers are the ones moving.
0	he said you see a man crying.
0	well where do you want to start?
0	as a fbi director obviously that's alarming.
0	some 2,500 memorial items have been collected.
0	but there's no blood test for this.
0	take care of my little kids pops.
0	the iraqi government is not providing it.
0	bricks are breaking apart and falling away.
0	and the need goes beyond traveling executives.
0	the festival really does hit those issues.
0	and santa cruz is a good example.
0	as a student she was hazel bryan.
0	and what happens next in this trial?
0	there's also the question of editorial independence.
0	and forgive me because it's personal question.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	and barack obama is no ted cruz.
0	juan forero npr news vista hermosa colombia.
0	but you can be a kind person.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	thank you very much for the opportunity.
0	so it's just a piece of it.
0	i mean those are the larger issues.
0	can they be tampered with hacked into?
0	so they divided that room in half.
0	in fact they might do the reverse.
0	deom shows me the magazine's 100th issue.
0	s.j. thanks very much for the call.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	samson pili looks enchanted by the scene.
0	it's clear they do have a policy.
0	hillary clinton released her latest tax return.
0	so that's the minneapolis part of this.
0	is there something that you would like?
0	he's not a conservative according to you?
0	i really want him back here badly.
0	is it to cecile in san   francisco?
0	barack obama is second at 12 percent.
0	npr's ahmad shafi contributed to that report.
0	npr's david kestenbaum brings up to date.
0	well thank you all for being here.
0	he let me get under the umbrella.
0	part of this ruling probably will survive.
0	they were held for nearly a week.
0	you've got the passion you understand framing.
0	he spots a young couple eyeing minivans.
0	and you all sit around a table.
0	it's called sharks and other sea monsters.
0	leon joins us from athens in ohio.
0	he is after all a field agronomist.
0	it's a big time plus for republicans.
0	a possible successor could be almost anything.
0	e j what you think about that?
0	i mean this it's a powerful song.
0	that decision comes after years of cutbacks.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	they won't attack snails that are moving.
0	let's go to a quick phone call.
0	i mean what's the point of that?
0	we're currently doing a campaign with zappos.
0	the group supported those kinds of ideas.
0	so again things are not all bleak.
0	we keep hearing that as a solution.
0	do those kind of protests generally work?
0	all the good ones have been used.
0	today we've got dr. mary francis berry.
0	he needs it listening to this program.
0	no mention in fact of mitt romney.
0	we're here to see if you're ok.
0	you know why is everybody else complaining?
0	he still for example supports affirmative action.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	awful stuff well that's all of that.
0	well so did britney spears another one.
0	some of the channels are on air.
0	and i think you will find that.
0	so where do you go from here?
0	how much sunlight do you usually get?
0	well you heard that quote i'm hoping.
0	so a very eerie scene for sure.
0	and he loved what he was doing.
0	she's with us here in studio 3a.
0	odds are stacked against us younger kids.
0	and fans may lose new mexico soon.
0	quite a bit of blame i think.
0	i'm not afraid to speak about them.
0	i don't know i mean come on.
0	monsanto hasn't revealed drought guard prices yet.
0	thanks very much for coming in today.
0	there are many elements of this problem.
0	susan thanks very much for the call.
0	how do we keep that excitement going?
0	so that was really important to me.
0	and i mean they were so enthusiastic.
0	did you smoke regularly at that age?
0	what has provided you that extra motivation?
0	let's go to jeanne for that yeah.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	thanks for always just being with me.
0	ben allen from member station witf reports.
0	they have something to look forward to.
0	patrick thanks very much for the call.
0	well you know i take that back.
0	overall the extreme poor are not beggars.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	i think i want to do something.
0	this week's entry comes from shubra   suburmanian.
0	and so we can get better indicators.
0	mike pesca npr news baton rouge louisiana.
0	iran's new president was sworn in yesterday.
0	the storms die when they hit land.
0	he's mathematically eliminated through traditional means ok?
0	we're in the phoenix suburb of mesa.
0	well of course we didn't at first.
0	what's the word and what's the sentence?
0	you know i would just lose focus.
0	if those talks fail bankruptcy is likely.
0	i hope you're staying healthy with us.
0	and the same is true within christianity.
0	irreverent correspondences of an evil online genius.
0	i think that's very much an aberration.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	so will the challenge for next week?
0	and support is now crumbling in congress.
0	republicans blasted the president's action as lawless.
0	james thank you for speaking with us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and i just came to say goodbye.
0	he figures he's qualified for the job.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	right that's where these two populations meet.
0	rick's with us from shawnee in kansas.
0	both women are outside in the rain.
0	well npr's russell lewis is in chicago.
0	menendez made a brief statement to reporters.
0	but it's also a brutal sick ritual.
0	the show as you say is sad.
0	schweikert's brief talk was part civics lesson.
0	and so he did raise pigs right?
0	of course you're invited to join us.
0	that's not to say there aren't estimates.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	but he really wants to play football.
0	why do you think he chose him?
0	not that that helps me but ok.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you know what the deal is there.
0	folks tough times always require tough choices.
0	you can't take any characters for granted.
0	what about people who were actually there?
0	this is i believe it is chanel.
0	i think those are very good points.
0	and so this island overrun with goats.
0	it features the beheading of four men.
0	president obama has well-publicized roots in kenya.
0	some just punted on the whole issue.
0	it doesn't make any sense to me.
0	npr's tom bowman reporting from the pentagon.
0	porter said do you need a medic?
0	take the staffing firm salo in minneapolis.
0	let me ask this question though nat.
0	and that leaves us about 400,000 left.
0	you don't expect to do a no-hitter.
0	sylvia good to have you with us.
0	what is the iranian opposition saying first?
0	and trump said he doesn't think so.
0	and that is driving the dow higher.
0	trust in god but tie your camel.
0	it's just going to be a cover.
0	phoebe dribbled slowly down the court alone.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	here's what you do: go to npr.
0	i mean there's no oil in gaza.
0	is it sort of a left-leaning newspaper?
0	and amy let's talk about indymac first.
0	i was diagnosed with it in 2005.
0	bill thanks very much for the call.
0	well lots of people feel that way.
0	you would hear a shootout at night.
0	how about some fiction for the hammock?
0	yes the toxicology studies are also ongoing.
0	and how did the iranian government respond?
0	oh the crowd loves the underdog stuff.
0	she got about 24% of the vote.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. willett.
0	and we're also talking with katherine rosman.
0	mr. bondy thanks for being with us.
0	and was it ever to be revived?
0	she's changed her relationship status on facebook.
0	it's 60 percent if you include hispanics.
0	thank you for having me a pleasure.
0	let me just finish this point ed.
0	i mean sandy was a scary scenario.
0	what's the value of a good run?
0	this isn't so farfetched one would believe.
0	i'm don gonyea in for steve inskeep.
0	of course it wasn't all good news.
0	melissa harris lacewell knows this church well.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	actually i see i lost a bet.
0	soft skills like communications with other people?
0	well what can i do to survive?
0	suzanne welcome to talk of the nation.
0	this could happen a lot more often.
0	i don't think there are philosophical differences.
0	that isn't the issue at this point.
0	and how many inmates do you have?
0	we have two reporters on the story.
0	and none of this really does that.
0	so now six months has gone by.
0	and they're coming back to los angeles.
0	things change and they change with it.
0	they just don't care about traditional politics.
0	there are not enough people to work.
0	on fridays we focus on your money.
0	the deficit is approaching a trillion dollars.
0	josh's gold is getting a little outdated.
0	it's going to be more than dozens.
0	of course neil degrasse tyson brian greene.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	they're going to they're book smart right?
0	and it draws interest to these places.
0	yet she believes this time is different.
0	it's still pretty much business as usual.
0	we pride ourselves with doing quality repair.
0	and the sad thing for the democrats.
0	he captured the experience of being there.
0	he wound up keeping about $500 million.
0	and we'll go to one final call.
0	critics say it's written by   pro-abortion activists.
0	and this is part of its birth.
0	so we come back to black leadership.
0	well the workout it's always really hard.
0	any official data to back that up?
0	well that will be interesting to see.
0	if you weren't   accepted don't feel bad.
0	they're not having trouble getting the people.
0	donald straszheim is a long-time china expert.
0	and let's get kelly on the line.
0	these people have kept their noses clean.
0	thank you so much for being here.
0	los angeles is facing an educational meltdown.
0	i spoke with richard hastings about this.
0	that government has not really formed yet.
0	steve calling us from rochester new york.
0	and then they come back and refreshed.
0	but ultimately he was a model patient.
0	she took a position on gay rights.
0	but as we know the conflict continues.
0	it's not something that is ill-thought out.
0	the contractors support the u.s. in iraq.
0	here's another one from john in milwaukee.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	maybe but something's right with the team.
0	and he's run a very energetic campaign.
0	like how did you do your job?
0	uconn beat maryland 81-58 kind of ho-hum.
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	hot dogs are not made of dogs.
0	there might be a sympathy factor there.
0	so what if the value goes down?
0	what did they think of the show?
0	also rob martin a substance abuse counselor.
0	that story in just a few moments.
0	he said it was a great trip.
0	the industry says li is highly competitive.
0	and i think that's what you got.
0	we're required to carry gold class certificates.
0	i enjoyed that little article on that.
0	the street is littered giant horse heads.
0	they both say they worry about hiv.
0	i'm capable to have a stable job.
0	you're not going to transform it overnight.
0	we also have a state-based g.i. bill.
0	how did you come to this story?
0	i talked to dr. harry edwards today.
0	it's a confrontation with our own mortality.
0	peter trick it's been an interesting conversation.
0	so it's a really good idea right?
0	it should have never been an issue.
0	so in that sense it is symbolic.
0	he's making right just about six figures.
0	and as you mentioned people are nervous.
0	and the second word has six letters.
0	i know that's the way i think.
0	we're gonna stop at number one brother.
0	and it was justthe weather was   furious.
0	it's going to be too   dangerous there.
0	service had to be suspended a while.
0	i know that you're serious about it.
0	it's from the 2008 olympics in china.
0	they started an anybody but rahm movement.
0	so tell us flora what you did.
0	and sometimes theres time to explain it.
0	have they begun to mount a return?
0	but you know they were real celebrities.
0	throughout you write about the technical challenges.
0	it has changed the way we travel.
0	and then you dipped it in water.
0	nationwide orchestras are being closed or consolidated.
0	we started off with about 340 crosses.
0	that's the second one pass by us.
0	how unusual is that do you think?
0	everything is at stake in our country.
0	this is a   younger black woman ok?
0	he tried to wait out the fighting.
0	so here you have this elite background.
0	fifteen months later we were bombing belgrade.
0	a lot of residents here are demoralized.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	clearly we did all kinds of stuff.
0	that's not your realm to deal with.
0	and we're more of an adventure family.
0	let's bring leon panetta into this discussion.
0	but opposition movements are almost never united.
0	this is not just for young children.
0	ken thanks very much for the suggestion.
0	now we're approaching 100,000 pounds of force.
0	again it's republicans who are more critical.
0	a year after that they were married.
0	and i didn't feel guilty about it.
0	this would have been december of 2005.
0	they clear very few crimes at all.
0	they live in long island new york.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i know that rahm emanuel is running.
0	for pastor emerson it was extra true.
0	grandmaster flash has roots in the caribbean.
0	oh i agree with the caller completely.
0	something of a symbolic act of course.
0	black whatever whoever black monday black whoever.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	yeah people just don't like to wait.
0	akins works for the conservation group reef.
0	i tell this story in the book.
0	he's impressed with california senator kamala harris.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	one should not be afraid of death.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	there's a lot that's changed since then.
0	well i hope it works for them.
0	she won brazil's first gold for judo.
0	they are human beings with a need.
0	if i'm guilty send me to jail.
0	we saw it last week play out.
0	only 32 percent of   the whites agreed.
0	you know i'm very happy with it.
0	first to the central city of jos.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	she's a correspondent for kaiser health news.
0	that was what was impressive to me.
0	it's almost impossible to prove the negative.
0	there's a large congregation in dallas texas.
0	and thank you for talking to us.
0	ambulances evacuated the dead and the wounded.
0	and it's so fun to write for.
0	and timing is really essential for farmers.
0	and has that ever happened to you?
0	welcome to the program both of you.
0	and so i'm concerned about that today.
0	very good to be with you robert.
0	now i am not encouraging doing it.
0	first let's clarify the changes in russia.
0	angela thanks very much for the call.
0	so no it's such a wonderful opportunity.
0	he has isolated america in the world.
0	covin's project sold out in nine days.
0	joining us there is npr's richard harris.
0	the real problem there is south america.
0	i was in a humvee you know.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	his group has been following bracamontes' case.
0	so are the banks back to health?
0	we take full advantage of that here.
0	lu was remembered as sweet and ambitious.
0	surgery can provide relief in advanced cases.
0	he's a bow hunter and a fisherman.
0	they call it the established business relationship.
0	and now it's time for your letters.
0	i think there's a couple of things.
0	can we give them a teeny hint?
0	please join me in welcoming barbara boxer.
0	and that will leave anwr in limbo.
0	but it's not the way science works.
0	oswald was walt disney's first cartoon star.
0	it can kind of go both ways.
0	he's upstairs laying on a pool table.
0	steve nice to have you with us.
0	what do you think persuaded your command?
0	we're going to name this thing pod-1.
0	no. and i don't intend to either.
0	and so they are shrouded in mystery.
0	and afghanistan is not at that stage.
0	now they've limited that to three months.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	where should your candidate draw the line?
0	there's a little sort of subtle things.
0	if you'd like to join us: 800-989-8255.
0	some people stayed because of their boats.
0	but is that something of an illusion?
0	this is the problem of parallel programming.
0	the rebels lost eight men and retreated.
0	and this is called a brown dwarf.
0	the problem is they just didn't work.
0	that gives him a sensitivity to poverty.
0	all most of the militias are shia.
0	what do you got for us first?
0	their dna seems to be more stable.
0	he's already shaken up the car company.
0	and even that experts say is debatable.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	joanne joanne with us from san antonio.
0	i don't understand it and i'm here.
0	small has a ritual to combat nerves.
0	we'll be back in just a moment.
0	yeah and it can be brutal here.
0	just i have to stop and rest.
0	president obama went to the baseball game.
0	well it's certainly not just another show.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	tyler you're on talk of the nation.
0	npr's john burnett is in san antonio.
0	so jeffrey nunberg what about jason's question?
0	you can also send us a tweet.
0	well it wouldn't actually be your house.
0	i think the market is inherently unpredictable.
0	and we want to hear your story.
0	and why did you proposed this law?
0	yet they still do them don't they?
0	he never allowed himself to be silenced.
0	but why this is an old field.
0	but just really check in with yourself.
0	you know too first on the women.
0	there are bows stars and plush toys.
0	remember just one entry per person please.
0	some are critics thought it was terrible.
0	i can not remember how i felt.
0	adora namigadde of member station wosu reports.
0	whenhe   did think sometimes like a chemist.
0	the people want   to have education reform.
0	you see some changes in brain function.
0	novak   himself won't say what he did.
0	is he obsessed with this russia investigation?
0	stay with us we'll get your views.
0	that's a pretty large number of lawyers.
0	i'll bet you'll get back to paris.
0	that is a grow shop in montevideo.
0	he was in his 20s i believe.
0	and the fact that he was loaded.
0	the truth the light and the way.
0	andy bowers is a slate senior editor.
0	but lina's tale has a different ending.
0	people are going to be very emotional.
0	the judge did not issue an injunction.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	i feel very hopeful for the future.
0	analyst ignacio zuasnabar from uruguay's catholic university.
0	i mean geez does she ever work?
0	alfonso is still waiting on his check.
0	thanks very much for the call dan.
0	kurt is calling us from tucson arizona.
0	ruth thanks very much for the call.
0	it's going to be interesting to see.
0	same thing with sarah palin you know.
0	they're doing well in states like arkansas.
0	they sell the stuff that we recycle.
0	no steve you can draw whatever conclusion.
0	they used to assign people to jobs.
0	thanks a lot for the call tom.
0	yeah they initially received this phone call.
0	silver hair sweeps across his high brow.
0	he died on february 11 in switzerland.
0	and i'll play a clip from that.
0	no only the best only the best.
0	so we can expect to hear more.
0	who is going to deliver the food?
0	they're making less pilots in hollywood today.
0	the benefits of statehood may be self-evident.
0	i'm confident that we can do it.
0	farah thanks very much for the call.
0	let's start with the $100 ticket items.
0	so a very eerie scene for sure.
0	no building inspectors have actually come here.
0	so we got to do something ourselves.
0	maybe that's just what they tell pollsters.
0	well thanks for your phone call eric.
0	you know it's a regional dynamic now.
0	and without farms the nearby towns suffer.
0	these young men talk about the trauma.
0	he met with prime minister shinzo abe.
0	and so where does that leave us?
0	porkpie hats don't do well with headphones.
0	a third day of bargaining continues today.
0	now you might do pretty well there.
0	then you were taken out by boat?
0	and he has needed several blood transfusions.
0	richard what makes a good short story?
0	harara points around at ruins and reconstruction.
0	how did they celebrate christmas of 1864?
0	i remember having conversations with your grandfather.
0	is it a romney kind of guy?
0	they get to go to a banquet.
0	well that well it's hard to say.
0	actually his true name was meinhard gorke.
0	it's in the ortakoy neighborhood of istanbul.
0	there are a lot of day laborers.
0	my mother was a big puzzle enthusiast.
0	najam welcome back to day to day.
0	the good the bad and the ugly.
0	frozen eggs are really hard to remove.
0	jay thanks very much for the call.
0	it continues to be that years later.
0	let's get some questions in from listeners.
0	it has always been the compadre system.
0	let's go next to this is rebecca.
0	and that it would not affect readiness.
0	so why doesn't that weigh more often?
0	but you also sound ready to play.
0	north korea is already under heavy sanctions.
0	he says he misses the real talk.
0	well bargain hunters disagreed and stayed away.
0	and so it's really upturned politics here.
0	we move to the obama plan now.
0	how much do you charge per car?
0	they're assisting people in the grieving process.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	they said please don't wear any bukra.
0	i myself learned arabic at the university.
0	and that is as it should be.
0	he got 68 percent of the vote.
0	clearly he's an expert in this area.
0	why did you start studying this subject?
0	what do we know about that lawsuit?
0	thank god the border is open today.
0	it was about 45 minutes very detailed.
0	so that would be the first instance.
0	and that does a disservice to everyone.
0	de kooning said jackson broke the ice.
0	and people are definitely unhappy about it.
0	what if you go to the source?
0	i would certainly like to thank somebody.
0	this is not something that is elective.
0	sarah varney reports from member station kqed.
0	so have the rain and the heat.
0	this is mike safyan the launch director.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	npr's justice reporter ryan lucas joins us.
0	the rise and fall of american growth.
0	thanks very much for the call david.
0	and i said yeah i do actually.
0	and i published them in the book.
0	thanks very much we appreciate your time.
0	we've been hearing about it this week.
0	and did you come out all right?
0	they took very good care of me.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	outside we see other deportees lining up.
0	or it could be from text messaging.
0	that would be a whole different story.
0	and he'll say i love you too.
0	also available at our web site npr.
0	thanks so much for calling in linda.
0	only a half-dozen countries still hunt whales.
0	and i think this is very problematic.
0	math is the language of the world.
0	no. no it does not say that.
0	yahoo's search was not an algorithmic search.
0	for one fires are harder to fight.
0	do you go out and see nature?
0	it's like how do you put it?
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	those little keets or whatever they're called?
0	and he said thank you uncle billy.
0	there was huge interest in barack obama.
0	think of this as a gang fight.
0	glory halleluiah our saints come marching home!
0	the jones family has just had it.
0	and what about today you doing anything?
0	will with us from covington in kentucky.
0	has there been any claim of responsibility?
0	they want to lock them in now.
0	jim's on the line from des moines.
0	and here's an email this from rob.
0	you know having what other communities have.
0	i talk about us being the closers.
0	many kadima supporters feel a little cheated.
0	and the school can't afford to waste.
0	former prime minister begin: very good news.
0	so you can't take it as truth.
0	he was very studious in high school.
0	well they do to us quite seriously.
0	welcome back to talk of the nation.
0	sobsey studies violence against people with disabilities.
0	well the antennas are very very efficient.
0	i pose the same question to you.
0	now you have to lock your doors.
0	the reverend jennifer slade is the minister.
0	the answer involved the classic telephone dial.
0	they've got to make a car payment.
0	the elections are scheduled for january 8th.
0	the reason is not hard to find.
0	it's distracting because it's not truth anymore.
0	you got a phone call from stockholm?
0	and we want to hear your story.
0	what more have we learned this week?
0	it says welcome susan stamberg of npr.
0	that we're still trying to piece together.
0	and a third hypothesis was actually parthenogenesis.
0	google seems to be just growing horizontally.
0	e.j. what do you make of that?
0	both your folks worked for the diocese.
0	the logistical challenges are absolutely incredible here.
0	i mean it's not republican versus democrat.
0	there will be fewer foreign troops here.
0	elliot was not allowed into the school.
0	and now people are suspicious of google.
0	cann was buried at arlington national cemetery.
0	and i think they should be concerned.
0	satellites were the size of school buses.
0	and i thought it was absolutely riveting.
0	and that is the correct answer too.
0	they're trained to shoot and they're shooting.
0	here's rubio from a recent senate debate.
0	is this the future of movies now?
0	the agency predicted blowback from hunting facilities.
0	and thank you for your time too.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	well let me ask you steve scheffler.
0	that was me then a young poet.
0	today he joins us from new york.
0	uh yeah i'll leave it at that.
0	i have to mention my absolute favorite.
0	she's at our bureau in new york.
0	he also joins us in our studios.
0	well if not it will be there.
0	there is an irony in all this.
0	and your questions what do you think?
0	the hamas delegation simply didn't show up.
0	do we have those tools in place?
0	and you know it's a perceived threat.
0	so it cast a much wider net.
0	oh she's da da da da da.
0	npr's mike shuster has more from cairo.
0	they weren't sure who was down there.
0	that's steven calling from st. louis missouri.
0	global warming may be endangering polar bears.
0	tribes are not exclusively sunni or shia.
0	i think you're right about that tom.
0	any chance it could be held over?
0	you know how politicians are he says.
0	but of course this is one case.
0	can israel carry out that military attack?
0	jason beaubien npr news cox's bazar bangladesh.
0	and let's get one last caller on.
0	i expected the soldiers to come in.
0	as musgraves put it in a song.
0	then again that might be too real.
0	that's one way to look at it.
0	and so she wants to study theater.
0	a lot of wasted time i think.
0	and it's also been a risky proposition.
0	we have a caller on the line.
0	well nature scoffs at that of course.
0	not mean but i needed some payback.
0	so i said oh i'll bring that.
0	but now attention has shifted to italy.
0	and soraya what happened at this meeting?
0	explain how a 3-d printer actually works.
0	important details remain to be worked out.
0	we were 29 people at the first.
0	my name is john ngum lang ngum.
0	he joins us by phone from brooklyn.
0	she's saying she wants him to leave.
0	but tell us what it was like.
0	hopes are high says agyedho adwok nyaba.
0	and readers are buying fewer different books.
0	we'll discuss that a little bit more.
0	the short answer is i don't know.
0	they also have to be implemented correctly.
0	dr. john ratey calls that a tragedy.
0	this is toby in durham north carolina.
0	andrew thanks very much for the call.
0	and on mondays we focus on technology.
0	you can't heat it in the winter.
0	so we're talking about the discretionary staff.
0	eyebrow eyeball and eye bank is right.
0	i think it does stand a chance.
0	thirty-three-year-old tania marques is a costume designer.
0	and i wanted to get your reaction.
0	it's i would say an exemplary analysis.
0	i don't know why this is happening.
0	i'm neal conan at the aspen institute.
0	you talk about this expansion of territory.
0	brazil has nine states in the amazon.
0	peter walsh says that for some scientists.
0	they brushed away threats with determined conviction.
0	you can sit in every single day.
0	sarah you're a high school english teacher.
0	should the president be campaigning with candidates?
0	is the earth about to be destroyed?
0	it's been a bad day in pakistan.
0	has the congolese government responded to that?
0	oh i think that they're very similar.
0	it's putting candidates in an interesting spot.
0	lawyer gary klein reads from the letter.
0	you know i'm blanking out i'm sorry.
0	he's been doing this a long time.
0	i mean i have my house now.
0	i mean it's very transparent relatively transparent.
0	addiction becomes a disease of the family.
0	wait a minute sir who are you?
0	and unfortunately that was not to be.
0	well this was a beehive chop shop.
0	remember just one entry per person please.
0	now all of her ads are online.
0	that felt a little scary to me.
0	you know and i have eight children.
0	so it's kind of a numbers game.
0	plumbrook is in the book you betcha.
0	that we're going to have ever-larger homes?
0	tom mallon joins us in our studios.
0	we should we should clarify i guess.
0	water never made it into their home.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	what about his brain do we know?
0	twenty-seven hours after setting out we're arriving.
0	and i'm sitting here shaking my head.
0	but the nfl settled its concussion lawsuit.
0	sergeant ochoa is an army drill sergeant.
0	i think the deal is basically done.
0	football season is finally here in earnest.
0	she joins us here in studio 3a.
0	is kind of an anything goes thing.
0	i think the incentives are just building.
0	but yeah we both get quite technical.
0	and dialing down conflict is a theme.
0	thanks ira it's great to be here.
0	they attack rouhani every chance they get.
0	now they need to hold the line.
0	well thank you for taking my call.
0	my name is margo delapo i'm 19.
0	and it was extraordinary to meet him.
0	every kid in the classroom was waiting.
0	they forced him in the trunk again.
0	actually i saw it the next day.
0	slate's farhad manjoo is here to explain.
0	amy thanks so much for joining us.
0	you don't have to prove you're innocent.
0	that's another problem in and of itself.
0	can a corporation pay for a member.
0	you know pretty much anywhere along   that.
0	and they say burn calories not electricity.
0	it's just not clear what they're saying.
0	you know i basically support the policy.
0	what did you learn on the trip?
0	it was a program i designed myself.
0	i have not been in no fights.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	at the time it wasn't remotely comical.
0	there are a lot of different opinions.
0	it's often been a love-hate relationship though.
0	but this is really what fiction is.
0	rose stone is a verizon switch worker.
0	it's acted despicably towards them at times.
0	it's their very own suicide terrorist attack.
0	so they will hesitate to report it.
0	well it sounds like a great time.
0	i'm seeing butterflies everywhere and appreciating them.
0	you were really part of the clouds.
0	jack thanks very much for the call.
0	i've been a prosecutor for 15 years.
0	oh there's hope for us all then?
0	but why did you make that request?
0	npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	so what do you do about that?
0	how long can the people hold back?
0	make your answer quick by the way.
0	those particles fell down into the deep.
0	he's a reporter with the charlotte observer.
0	also don't be too proud to beg.
0	what's going on with the federal government?
0	cara buckley of the new york times.
0	patrick thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they're watching a young man doing stand-up.
0	and that's where we begin this hour.
0	it's it really is where we're headed.
0	so it's a giant behavior manipulation scheme.
0	what's memorial day like in your town?
0	i would say we have made progress.
0	an expert on sleep joins us next.
0	is there any standard treatment for concussion?
0	actually it started during the great depression.
0	mcphee says this is a transitional dinosaur.
0	the article was co-written by thomas johnson.
0	i think about this quite a lot.
0	one last questionand first to greg maggs.
0	but i mean the government besides change.
0	did you stop to remember them today?
0	we're talking about the alternative minimum tax.
0	i had an ace in the hole.
0	because we've got people's reputations at stake.
0	we're never positioned as the good mother.
0	it begins and ends with the teacher.
0	so as you know syria is fragmented.
0	they're always looking to sell what's new.
0	can they do it full-time or part-time?
0	and here's the president defending its leaders.
0	did that help me with this character?
0	to his own surprise he's come around.
0	and often they're very very very successful.
0	and it's time to play the puzzle.
0	it's really been a benefit for us.
0	she'd never been to the gap before.
0	and she also said jewell educate yourself.
0	the critics are going to get louder.
0	you know we like each other personally.
0	i've given you everything about the dna.
0	i made him pick his pants up.
0	kwabena nixon is one of the donors.
0	yeah i can really empathize with that.
0	just the tactical situation where you were.
0	it's around 1 p.m. and they're rehearsing.
0	i don't know how to thank you.
0	no no i'd go further than that.
0	there's just no game that's worth it.
0	or it just makes it taste bad.
0	brooklyn had a champion dodgers baseball team.
0	those results won't come out till august.
0	she's with us from new york city.
0	doug welcome to talk of the nation.
0	john sununu is up for a reelection.
0	what's going on with the state government?
0	taiwan has a new president this morning.
0	up next the scandal at the irs.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you know this was pretty much it.
0	npr's national political correspondent mara liasson reports.
0	npr's tom bowman reports from the pentagon.
0	how did you get to it justin?
0	you know it's been an interesting year.
0	i think that we embraces the world.
0	our number here in washington is 1-800-989-8255.
0	he's had knee problems in the past.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	there was nothing to do with that.
0	you'll be like okay i need cereal.
0	they didn't have to be ashamed anymore.
0	congressman reynolds thanks for taking the time.
0	what's the difference between those two sports?
0	politics ain't beanbag as they always say.
0	coming up tensions ease in south american.
0	encouraging but we shouldn't get carried away.
0	oh it is and we understand that.
0	so there's another voice here a woman.
0	but there's a lot to be learned.
0	he joins us from npr in washington.
0	just quick one quick point on that.
0	it was like we were so scared.
0	countering violent extremism is a global effort.
0	the un doesn't have the   sufficient resources.
0	so the gains were very very modest.
0	but not that many people use twitter.
0	as much as i thought should be.
0	you know there's a lot to forgiveness.
0	ronna mcdaniel welcome to all things considered.
0	eric cantor is a republican from virginia.
0	but it could go still either direction.
0	all right well tim thanks very much.
0	now today general campbell corrected the record.
0	yes i'm talking about peter navarro's charts.
0	that's just what we have to do.
0	i think americans will respond to that.
0	and there is a difference you're right.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	this is really a puzzle for us.
0	probably the other person is george allen.
0	here's how he began a recent sermon.
0	my mom won't leave out of there.
0	did you stop to remember them today?
0	the furry trespasser was collared before takeoff.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	all it knows is the old rules.
0	but we're talking about his concern today.
0	i just wanted to bring that up.
0	we don't know too much about him.
0	let's keep an eye out for you.
0	the answer to that alex is yes.
0	right now just over half live off-campus.
0	yeah that's why the driver isn't here.
0	that pr originally belonged to puerto rico.
0	we agree on the need for empathy.
0	npr's dina temple-raston met with the sheikh.
0	did he or sony pictures expect this?
0	they would not stop by the office.
0	it's been my pleasure talking to you.
0	and that's sarah calling from amherst virginia.
0	chance you might see a rematch there?
0	i believe in honor faith and service.
0	but pratt also decided not to overcorrect.
0	to 1701 it might just be yes.
0	i know that you're serious about it.
0	that's like stacking 40,000 milky ways end-to-end.
0	and the bacteria you know expanded rapidly.
0	several other people are in critical condition.
0	was that duringbefore the   last ice age?
0	like fatigue and dizziness and blurred vision.
0	they have start points and finish lines.
0	i'll stick with the steel seizure case.
0	thank you very much talking with us.
0	other fish have not done as well.
0	he was profiled by npr in 2003.
0	we only did what we were told.
0	alan thanks so much for the call.
0	i'd like you to comment on that.
0	i actually first met norah in 1998.
0	it's feelings i don't want no more.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	he knows how bad it can get.
0	he encouraged fans to meme the incident.
0	this is a very unusual political year.
0	well all that adds up to something.
0	so it's very complicated and very mixed.
0	king of kings and lord of lords.
0	i applied when charlie crist was governor.
0	they're going to have to fire back.
0	one of my friends stay in thailand.
0	tell us a little bit about it.
0	we spoke to her a bit earlier.
0	is italy calmed down for the moment?
0	kirk siegler of member station kunc reports.
0	at this point it's mostly sperm donors.
0	you couldn't get it on the market.
0	you know that absolutely is message one.
0	so that would be one to watch.
0	so this is not a new condition.
0	what's it like there in baton rouge?
0	here he is in his usual voice.
0	you see a lot of corporate training.
0	have you ever driven a bulldozer before?
0	he said that's just a western model.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	gary thanks very much for the call.
0	was this a win for jean-claude juncker?
0	do you agree with him on that?
0	governor christie welcome to all things considered.
0	i locked them in the house today.
0	how did you get started with this?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we had terrible decisions that were made.
0	he was great at what he did.
0	so it's a mixed kind of thing.
0	all those countries came to our aid.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	charles lane of member station wshu explains.
0	i have a question also about terrorism.
0	he felt he needed a new facility.
0	i mean it's quite bleak i suppose.
0	and let's go back to the phones.
0	the number of witnesses were about even.
0	it was a few days after katrina.
0	we pay sales tax on the medicine.
0	and that was the original phone-hacking device.
0	arun always good to be with you.
0	there's the mass this morning then what?
0	the star last night was a newcomer.
0	king of kings for ever and ever!
0	it's grammy-winning artist so-and-so passed away today.
0	earlier today i spoke with john daniszewski.
0	young inner city kids lugged them around.
0	we do the wallerina with fin movement.
0	but does your head think that's possible?
0	he played romney in the practice debates.
0	thanks a lot for talking with us.
0	nevada has been really saturated with pills.
0	she's the one that changed her mind.
0	they wanted jay bybee to be impeached.
0	at least we're asking them in public.
0	he did this in a short motion.
0	wait your friends got you completely wrong.
0	it is a very very severe incident.
0	the photographer takes pictures and they're x-rays.
0	he's probably done things to her before.
0	as i mentioned you do play guitar.
0	now mr. pruitt approached deregulation with enthusiasm.
0	he wants to be in the action.
0	welcome back to the program dr. kammen.
0	but she added we're not there yet.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	he was particularly saddened by these things.
0	so that is the problem facing somalis.
0	because you can really go to town.
0	and of course we didn't have that.
0	they wanted these people to be fired.
0	and this is really a critical component.
0	they'll have a time limit on it.
0	adam apparently has gotten a little shy.
0	but i think that's been an assumption.
0	including twins about to go to college?
0	the president is speaking   about iraq tomorrow.
0	she did not say all our troops.
0	well joining us now is tom farber.
0	i'd really like to dance with them.
0	it's not so much you know speed.
0	kyrgyzstan was threatening to close the base.
0	and the death toll hovers at 300.
0	he was at 35 percent in march.
0	my home is right here in boston.
0	you have to get the first take.
0	thanks very much for the recommendation craig.
0	we reached out to dr. larry norton.
0	you know we did everything by book.
0	he has not been no. just obama.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	let's put this in a larger context.
0	here comes one right for you chadwick.
0	an ad there from the auto industry.
0	it cannot alienate its big mac crowd.
0	we're joined by campaign spokesman jesse benton.
0	hi you're on talk of the nation.
0	after the election i have more flexibility.
0	it's they can catch a big mouthful.
0	they've let weeds grow around their houses.
0	predicting the future is a hard game.
0	it's really it's really very different arun.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the old model still exists says bishop.
0	how many soldiers in the korean war?
0	they won't tell you about it though.
0	it really hones in on these obcs.
0	so help us understand this spectrum here.
0	what do you make of rahm's return?
0	the announcement we've all been waiting for.
0	do you have an understanding of why?
0	that's where clair and ray come in.
0	i sincerely thank the people he said.
0	we stop in front of a shack.
0	certainly not every republican is in turmoil.
0	coming up umoja ujamaa kujichagulia and what?
0	was this need addressed by the panel?
0	this is from lindsay in chico california.
0	there was fires all over the city.
0	audie cornish npr news columbia south carolina.
0	npr's scott horsley joins us now to.
0	jury members saw pictures of it yesterday.
0	they want you to get onto disability.
0	talking with kristin schleiter and tom turpin.
0	i love avocados and these are delicious.
0	we can't handle somalia at this time.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	i'm asking the other commissioner a question.
0	that's exactly the way i understand things.
0	we don't have any serious inflation anymore.
0	so i would agree with that observation.
0	i'm very pleased to speak to you.
0	it's like he gave up on life.
0	he rose up to grapple with booth.
0	with u.s. backing as you pointed out.
0	he's going to have a surge moment.
0	you know made a lot of money.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	victoria joins us now from norton kansas.
0	so many alpine resorts have closed down.
0	those are big numbers in my opinion.
0	that magazine is written entirely in korean.
0	we did a couple of assignments there.
0	so this is important stuff you're covering.
0	i never harmed anybody never hurt anybody.
0	so maybe we need some new ideas.
0	that's not how we're looking at it.
0	traditionally most chinese children don't wear diapers.
0	to join the conversation go to nprnewsandviews.
0	the legislature's not focusing on preventing abortion.
0	i'm sure he'll be questioned about that.
0	that's also called the basic reproductive number.
0	you must be pleased with this change.
0	so he showed he can still play.
0	brian calling from overland park in kansas.
0	whether that suit can succeed is unclear.
0	you've got to get out of here.
0	is that something you'd like to see?
0	nice of you to come in today.
0	how bad can things get this summer?
0	well i don't agree with that farai.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	let's go to dino in saline michigan.
0	how do you explain all of that?
0	all right let's take a call now.
0	so they really don't need yongbyon anymore.
0	we don't like going to soup kitchens.
0	i mean you're always ups and downs.
0	let's bring in dante from detroit michigan.
0	i don't know where the problem is.
0	have you kept up your writing since?
0	so   that's what they do in mexico.
0	they'll next appear in court in march.
0	crude oil took another big slide yesterday.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	how about you have you experienced that?
0	whatever you do look into the camera.
0	jim vandehei is executive editor at politico.
0	north   country public radio's brian mann reports.
0	so there are no get-out-of-jail-free cards here.
0	i mean it's written by a woman.
0	he's chairman of the colorado republican party.
0	the book is set in sierra leone.
0	this is a strong and independent commission.
0	couldn't ask for a prettier day man.
0	but it's also a place of opportunity.
0	ahmed wali karzai exactly president karzai's brother.
0	it's just that's the way it is.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	i was the executor of the estate.
0	ross thanks so much for the call.
0	meanwhile i keep hearing concerns about security.
0	and he lost today a five-to-four vote.
0	you know my brother had his issues.
0	retail stores are also shedding some jobs.
0	they treat him like the dalai lama.
0	i give my mom money my parents.
0	ice hockey in harlem coach larry norman.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	i mean did he like inspect it?
0	and we're now joined by bob buckhorn.
0	i just think that it didn't work.
0	obama has tried to repay that loyalty.
0	and you know it's a hot contest.
0	and what about the public on this?
0	it's not about the air in between.
0	and it was expected at their age.
0	it's not as if they're not trying.
0	tell us about your work on sunflowers.
0	trust in god but tie your camel.
0	i think he's 100 percent right yes.
0	ron elving is npr's senior washington editor.
0	his side isn't resting on its laurels.
0	what's the difference between those two plans?
0	today a closer look at modern monarchs.
0	he's the editor of budget travel magazine.
0	it's great to be with you ira.
0	her insurance policy only covered certain doctors.
0	i am not the lifelong government official.
0	it's a beautiful area near the gulf.
0	i thought cancer was the big stuff.
0	i've heard pakistanis say this many times.
0	that's according to the country's education minister.
0	eli thanks very much for the call.
0	he charges about a dollar a cut.
0	no but okay i can settle this.
0	george thanks very much for the call.
0	so anyway passed on to his grandson.
0	are we expecting a showdown in congress?
0	it's all happening on the wrong side.
0	more in just a moment with them.
0	paul warambo also spent today preventing flare-ups.
0	dan sorry to have lost you there.
0	the taliban don't come off well either.
0	i didn't think she belonged in it.
0	the view drives home an important point.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	consider the start of carmella norris' essay.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	with us now is npr's domenico montanaro.
0	gee but how do you really feel?
0	the city was an ethnic sectarian cauldron.
0	and you know atlanta's growth will continue.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. kakalios.
0	and you were there 30 years ago.
0	does he have access to infinite data?
0	i'm just thankful he's still with me.
0	and if i'm sorry to interrupt you.
0	good point let me get a reaction.
0	here's florian martin of houston public media.
0	good to see you ed as well.
0	how did you dig out the dna?
0	it does apply to the president's staff.
0	and there are two aspects of it.
0	doug dyment we worship at your shrine.
0	oh if he won't james dean will.
0	he called it the carly simon orchid.
0	there are health workers people from ngos.
0	a picture of a white attractive female.
0	it seemed that stakes are rather high.
0	i mean go ahead and say it.
0	ma'am they never stopped the nuclear program.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	fair oaks is the frontier of dairying.
0	and where did the name come from?
0	i talked to one analyst sinan ulgen.
0	they now live in vast squalid camps.
0	berlusconi's party fell to under 14 percent.
0	and when would we expect that one?
0	where will my kid go to school?
0	and that to them is an anathema.
0	peter tork left the band in 1969.
0	so he was really helpful as well.
0	from recife brazil npr's juan forero reports.
0	is it fun to write an endorsement?
0	you're barely able to make ends meet.
0	he is a biochemist at lehigh   university.
0	no system is going to be perfect.
0	i mean obviously there's a scientific value.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	and men are disproportionately violent towards women.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	oh thank you for having me melissa.
0	okay stay with us if you will.
0	later antoon moved to new york city.
0	but others say it's not that simple.
0	it depends on the time of year.
0	let's move on to the tech sector.
0	we're not sure if the democrats will.
0	what's keeping you up at night now?
0	you do have to register by thursday.
0	how did you get interested in him?
0	the supreme court unanimously affirmed kavanagh's opinion.
0	that's a good guess but not correct.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	first of all we were not attacked.
0	but she is a very sparkling personality.
0	so you think you found the answer?
0	do you give them advice like teenagers.
0	do you find that to be accurate?
0	but there's always been a few dissenters.
0	for some it might be the hummer.
0	this is this makes no sense whatsoever.
0	what were the issues in the vote?
0	and they're about 66 million years old.
0	there are two lessons that are fundamental.
0	frank stoltze of member station kpcc reports.
0	so i'm assuming howard is a pseudonym.
0	they show no evidence they're holding him.
0	he unfurls a cyclist's map of nashville.
0	the rioting went on for two days.
0	npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	i service a couple of the autos.
0	we're joined now by npr's jim zarroli.
0	now her numbers have been very bad.
0	i don't see any relief in sight.
0	this is a question people are asking.
0	people have also pointed out saul ms.
0	and then   there's all of sam's problems.
0	that's not an awful lot of people.
0	her essay was produced by youth radio.
0	for years tom was played as tom.
0	it is such a big diverse field.
0	and the effects ripple through the system.
0	and here's a caller in san antonio.
0	he wasn't a very good tactical general.
0	they're now sure to miss that deadline.
0	they just like deal with this threat.
0	others say it's not changing anybody's mind.
0	it's time to hold this president accountable.
0	they put them into a new basket.
0	that is wisconsin state representative jesse kremer.
0	but designing that warhead is very difficult.
0	but the toughest judge was always kennedy.
0	what was your impression of him then?
0	let me start with you ambassador young.
0	this is special coverage from npr news.
0	they were all very passionately committed people.
0	this is shantelle calling us from alaska.
0	way in 11th place was shani davis.
0	he   likes being a new orleans cop.
0	it has nothing to do with iraq.
0	mr. brzezinski we're running out of time.
0	is the online part even more fickle?
0	they use the government money for themselves.
0	what are you really expecting for tomorrow?
0	and how do you deal with that?
0	i just think that it's highly suspicious.
0	i mean it's a very broad comparison.
0	it's your rounding up backing for it.
0	will your children do better than you?
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	so we began to move that program.
0	i mean that's a very strong term.
0	hmm something seems to be off here.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	by all accounts violence is significantly lower.
0	and there was a period of flip-flopping.
0	and still further south to puerto rico.
0	brian sanderoff of research and polling inc.
0	and bob what's next up for you?
0	but it was very hard for him.
0	it's just the demented alarm clock sound.
0	that's really where eternal life is at.
0	and you are a pretty regular guy.
0	in a joint news   conference at yum!
0	misty monroe is an itinerant drama teacher.
0	she joins us by phone from germany.
0	with the internet you never really know.
0	so these things do change over time.
0	it turns out they're all satisfied customers.
0	and he's with us now via skype.
0	it'sand food aid it's a blunt   instrument.
0	and e.j. let's start with you first.
0	you know your nerves are frayed anyway.
0	cirrhosis of the liver is severe scarring.
0	and he knows how he got it.
0	they said of course all the time.
0	yeah i think they're a complete disgrace.
0	instead we have synchronized diving she complained.
0	china has exploded over the past generation.
0	and he's got to grow into that.
0	i say it more than once huh.
0	irish politician john hume remembered his efforts.
0	donald trump gets a lot of attention.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and the freestyles are relatively recent phenomena.
0	and even more colleges closed since that.
0	they won't be able to handle it.
0	i mean it was just complete   hell.
0	she was born and raised in china.
0	he sees that there's tons of infighting.
0	let's get another view in here now.
0	she captains charter boats in sarasota bay.
0	lecter is dark but he's also funny.
0	that's really the difference with hispanic media.
0	whose picture is this on the fridge?
0	he said the hazards were sometimes overstated.
0	so many died falling to their death.
0	yeah there were around 50 people injured.
0	we got one sick day a month.
0	it was a big impact for us.
0	this city is so much better off.
0	the whole transition was quite a shock.
0	the campaign is called peace of heart.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	i'm in haiti like every three months.
0	janet thank you very much for that.
0	npr's quill lawrence explains it from kabul.
0	and what do we remember him for?
0	do you know what i'm talking about?
0	he was in a pretty advanced state.
0	did the president say anything about that?
0	where will we see this building erected?
0	anyway thank you for that comment doug.
0	when we're involved you can control it.
0	good luck and let's all move forward.
0	he spent a year in northern iraq.
0	why should i pay attention to it?
0	thank you so much for this program.
0	they do not have a coherent counter-strategy.
0	i wanted to maybe post a question.
0	mara a big win for the president.
0	this was your idea was it not?
0	still mcconnell says he's worried about safety.
0	and it was a striking contrast michel.
0	mary thanks very much for the call.
0	andrea i want to start with you.
0	well that'll be up to the rules.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	carrie it's great to have you back.
0	the truck never ran right after that.
0	it's generally the way the senate works.
0	but yeah i guess that's my story.
0	so really i love the whole song.
0	itll be up later today at npr.
0	they looked elegant in a sloppy way.
0	to be clear this is one survey.
0	others chose elite and expensive private colleges.
0	is al-qaida still up there and operating?
0	your show is my favorite on npr.
0	happy and healthy pi day to you.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the kids didn't know anything about this.
0	how did this whole thing get started?
0	they're i mean we're winning each fight.
0	there were some questions about the law.
0	but that leaves 1.3 billion other people.
0	well actually they tried a different number.
0	haun isn't the only one who's worried.
0	he's been the most anxious about halloween.
0	last year it saw just 2.8 million.
0	wal-mart has a massive internal investigations capability.
0	and we got a couple of emails.
0	i was thrilled out of my mind.
0	that's what we felt we could do.
0	do people drive differently in these conditions?
0	in the uae the united arab emirates?
0	first of all have fun with it.
0	and plausible arguments need to be engaged.
0	i don't think they want an embargo.
0	but it doesn't start with police departments.
0	the kids didn't want to play outside.
0	well this is a blessing in disguise.
0	what does the situation seem like today?
0	and this really is a compromise bill.
0	we don't get too precise about that.
0	what is your experience with this issue?
0	a constable i think is the word.
0	there are crocodiles in the mara river.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	there could be more and more appeals.
0	it's a very expensive and complex undertaking.
0	there is but probably not anytime soon.
0	the denier says nice to see you.
0	that produced a lot of fine fuel.
0	and this seemed like a unique opportunity.
0	here's david c. barnett of wcpn ideastream.
0	let's go now to this is chris.
0	before they deploy people is really happy.
0	tired of the bad economic news yet?
0	he hasn't gone much further into that.
0	it's good to be with you andrea.
0	oh i think it's a big win.
0	it's very nice to speak with you.
0	your guest doesn't want to eat that.
0	his general motors career started at 18.
0	we already have established student athletic teams.
0	we're talking about economic mobility this hour.
0	we're talking with political junkie ken rudin.
0	we'll talk to you again on monday.
0	thank you neal nice to be here.
0	they want the uaw to give concessions.
0	reverend it your memories are so vivid.
0	alicia was having a surgery serious surgery.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	turkey is a valuable member of nato.
0	and he was undermined by u.s. policies.
0	notre dame law professor richard garnett agrees.
0	again gorillas are ambassadors for these regions.
0	there's plenty of others in the area.
0	we let our emotions carry us away.
0	can you tell us the joke first?
0	the budget deal easily passed the senate.
0	there are still active-duty generals in place.
0	the new furnace has blown a circuit.
0	it is in a confrontation with russia.
0	and i just miss that so much.
0	that was in great falls on sunday.
0	ok we have to take a break.
0	you have to factor that in also.
0	i'm sure you remember him every day.
0	where does that stand at this point?
0	so do people still care about them?
0	so if that's what we're feeding them.
0	i'm not saying we shouldn't build them.
0	hey neal good to be with you.
0	they wanted democracy and freedom of expression.
0	why did you lie about that lead?
0	and i'm just so proud of that.
0	we have to leave with that point.
0	it it has to be a treat.
0	he's here with us in studio 3a.
0	for us this was not an escape.
0	meet the rapid action battalion or rab.
0	what don't you understand about this bill?
0	and the pentagon is making a change.
0	we have $3.9 billion in this   bill.
0	and that timeline is prompting a debate.
0	it's gosh it's not coming to me.
0	i was going to say mature but.
0	i want to return to my country.
0	but most people aren't at four hours.
0	and so that's the main problem here.
0	you can hear the tension right there.
0	you've had some slippage in the polls.
0	and i caught up with her yesterday.
0	more than a million were left homeless.
0	are they just all clustered in kabul?
0	lynell welcome to talk of the nation.
0	i don't have any problem with that.
0	marilyn welcome back and happy new year.
0	what about the possibility of criminal charges?
0	i don't think he did too bad.
0	i've overseen over 150 presidentially declared disasters.
0	that's where fast and furious comes in.
0	about 10 years ago i stopped sleeping.
0	what does he have in mind instead?
0	it was 15 minutes before help arrived.
0	we don't like hanging around in breadlines.
0	and i didn't go back to iraq.
0	the second wave of deaths has begun.
0	thanks very much for coming in rick.
0	hello my name is luther campbell a.k.
0	so there are two types of cognition.
0	i was actually using myself as bait.
0	the pope said he's a terrible player.
0	well what are the things they're doing?
0	that case goes to trial next month.
0	you know it's very disappointing and frustrating.
0	so harriette what about the dinner table?
0	they're like all right we're the villains.
0	they had the money to buy him.
0	this is a farewell kiss you dog.
0	at 39 he'd have been too old.
0	i'm so rumbly in my tumbly ho-ho.
0	he's not getting any sleep at night.
0	and they were using this new jet.
0	it's called weekends on all things considered.
0	a few are holding town hall meetings.
0	glazer was a very very tough customer.
0	you're allowed to leave when you want.
0	let me take you to this camp.
0	this is ben from virginia beach virginia.
0	that's what some of them have said.
0	and the people are excited about it.
0	so stay with us for that 800-989-8255.
0	so that's set family-based immigration back tremendously.
0	but the report is online as well.
0	so how does that work out politically?
0	nobody wanted to give him the weapons.
0	mark in portland welcome to science friday.
0	this month is national domestic violence month.
0	burner in an emotional press conference protested.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	but in this is an unusual setting.
0	kerry is very qualified for this job.
0	i won a nickname the great communicator.
0	and if some people don't like it.
0	and we'd like to take your calls.
0	well i think that's a big question.
0	perry thanks very much for the call.
0	i think we've got that on tape.
0	it was for blacks separate but equal.
0	trust in god but tie your camel.
0	and you're being very disloyal to israel.
0	now welburn's passion for cars started early.
0	like does this merit a doctor visit?
0	i think it is not economically   feasible.
0	he several times used the word realist.
0	i think also a lot of africans.
0	well we'll have to leave it there.
0	well it's been a great 15 minutes.
0	and that will put fear into perspective.
0	jack   abramoff was a very successful lobbyist.
0	mostly they felt it's an honest movie.
0	tomorrow talk of the nation: science friday.
0	mexico has not made the fence-building easy.
0	are there going to be early elections?
0	we'll see what happens with this story.
0	it's very easy to scare them off.
0	as we mentioned they have faced criticism.
0	it immediately starts making excuses for you.
0	so we become attached to one another.
0	the need has become clear to everybody.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. turpin.
0	for npr news i'm austin jenkins reporting.
0	well let's take a call about that.
0	well alex social security trust fund does.
0	you here the particular the iraqi accent.
0	then came a break in the case.
0	as you know that is still illegal.
0	yeah and we're supposed to hide it.
0	did you cover him during that campaign?
0	and how do you find new york?
0	thanks very much for the call tom.
0	hey maybe college should be an option.
0	i agree with mara to some extent.
0	these are very unfortunate and sad events.
0	i've never been shot in my life.
0	that's a complete change from the past.
0	i think that we don't want defeat.
0	and he wasn't just a foster parent.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we have to be smart and careful.
0	can you talk about why that is?
0	is anything going to happen right now?
0	dawn ladd of new port richey fla.
0	so again people shouldn't consider doing that.
0	he actually told people to stay home.
0	the parties are waking up to it.
0	this is very much a global phenomena.
0	and these die-offs are going to continue.
0	they have very basic cement block architecture.
0	did that shape him as a performer?
0	david thanks very much for the call.
0	then everyone's just a mush in washington.
0	how is president trump perceived in russia?
0	what about this expensive and explosive debt?
0	a bit of history is informative here.
0	ron thanks very much for the call.
0	and lo and behold here he is.
0	the foreclosures seem to be slowing up.
0	this election is bitterly dividing the country.
0	when dana hung up i became groomzilla.
0	we are trying to find other place.
0	that's 202-408-3330 or send us an e-mail.
0	longer hours less people are doing it.
0	and i had just want some advice.
0	let's not send dollars to united states.
0	and why did you choose old people?
0	jim you mentioned the drivers license issue.
0	he was making still little tiny amounts.
0	but here's the thing that's arousing controversy.
0	sally field's character m'lynn just loses it.
0	this drew him into some lifelong battles.
0	she is senior international correspondent with cnn.
0	twenty-four hours to live that's terrible news.
0	and he's really right about that historically.
0	so what are you up to now?
0	he's got all the ruffles and flourishes.
0	nice of you to come in today.
0	jerry willard recently retired here in florida.
0	hi steve nice to be with you.
0	we wouldn't be having these arguments today.
0	so that was really an extraordinary difference.
0	that's a fabulous way of putting it.
0	i've come to measure the king-size bed.
0	eventually we couldn't come out of character.
0	duffy thanks very much for the call.
0	a bit later than that about 1200.
0	his writing   staff was in the dark.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	a free agent had hoped to sign.
0	three others were injured including the rabbi.
0	they have been negotiating with the military.
0	it depends on a couple of things.
0	so that was quite a difficult time.
0	d.s and grad students in that room.
0	so clearly they are taking this seriously.
0	i put an oxygen mask on him.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	his oxygen this was a separate canister.
0	we have more people visiting the area.
0	it's allowing in only two each day.
0	and i don't think anybody foresaw that.
0	he was a beloved father son whatever.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and so everything went pretty smoothly then?
0	we're talking about that other thing money.
0	paul harrington appreciate your time today too.
0	is that a phenomenon you're familiar with?
0	have you tried introducing yourself to them?
0	thank you very much for having us.
0	there are a lot of them online.
0	npr's national security correspondent jackie northam reports.
0	he has distanced himself from the iranians.
0	let's try john in grants pass oregon.
0	that's where the political obstacles come in.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i call them macintosh bigots a little.
0	she organized the community gathering at monticello.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and most likely that feed is corn.
0	it's the only international airport in nepal.
0	he's a democratic senator from north dakota.
0	tony la russa is a great manager.
0	and who should have been in trial?
0	oh arlene go ahead and name them.
0	mary ann from beaufort in north carolina.
0	it's what got them through north carolina.
0	you know i guess it probably ok.
0	and joe what was that scene like?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	darling daughter that's our kind of sport.
0	and i just thought of my grandparents.
0	these stadiums the games going to work.
0	we really could bring education into classrooms.
0	kgou's kurt gwartney thanks and be safe.
0	mitchell waiting stands deep feet close together.
0	i'm not sure what we'll do today.
0	i think some of them definitely are.
0	nothing has changed yet but it may.
0	there was no corroborating evidence for anybody.
0	i had met ramzi 12 years earlier.
0	a lot of them are government officials.
0	but now municipal bonds are back up.
0	he'll meet with jordan's king abdullah ii.
0	he had planned to stay until february.
0	and that's the one carrying the bomb.
0	how much is crime down in 2015?
0	there have been positive statements from hamas.
0	oh wait we have a change here.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	this was early on in the primaries.
0	a manhunt in washington state is over.
0	and it had like three big issues.
0	was there some sort of message there?
0	we don't do that with voting machines.
0	today of course chicken-eating really is everywhere.
0	the avatars there are discussing science friday.
0	other people have come out for it.
0	what kind of shape is it in?
0	the people need a cessation of hostilities.
0	right or if there is the agent.
0	there's a great quote in your book.
0	they cut the department by 47 percent.
0	just ahead we've got our reporters' roundtable.
0	so congratulations for playing our puzzle today.
0	and there's a great deal of competition.
0	but it didn't start out that way.
0	well everybody is very very very worried.
0	today we share three of our favorites.
0	now these kids were born in france.
0	frankly we're concerned and others are concerned.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	there president trump is at the g-20.
0	if they really wanted to they could.
0	you're going to do it this time.
0	they're too crowded and they're too filthy.
0	i guess it was hard to tell.
0	nicole bacharan says she doesn't understand that.
0	clarke warned the public to remain   vigilant.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	she went to see him in london.
0	definitely but my contract runs until october.
0	these prisoners are in a low-security institution.
0	it's a little more pomp and circumstance.
0	can we say i'm on the compromise?
0	so it was a very difficult situation.
0	yeah i think they can find it.
0	well that surgery was five years ago.
0	but it's not going to be long.
0	you're still going to get your insurance.
0	still cristina jimenez says this is progress.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	david schaper npr news in des moines.
0	before that it was just my hands.
0	so both sides have made some concessions.
0	that's npr health policy correspondent alison kodjak.
0	by extension his example revolutionized professional sports.
0	i'm afraid we're out of time cherry.
0	from npr west it's all things considered.
0	we've always valued the intellects the thinkers.
0	that's according to today's wall street journal.
0	now i understand totally   why it's happening.
0	we bring lots of equipment to sets.
0	he never speaks about winning or losing.
0	and it is kind of changing things.
0	well some have interpreted it that way.
0	why do you think putin chose him?
0	i'll give you a big big hint.
0	the sound is quite distinctly different though.
0	how does santorum hope to stand out?
0	and we are essentialist towards these pleasures.
0	today we meet an angel from shangrila.
0	now that number is below 5 percent.
0	i think the coach took it personally.
0	i'm   not sure a sunset does that.
0	so they suggest to you it's patriotism.
0	go click on talk of the nation.
0	i'd like to know more about it.
0	well one imagines that's the reason yes.
0	there was a pretty rosy manufacturing report.
0	the medicaid expansion states will rollback benefits.
0	and the answer actually is absolutely yes.
0	how are the candidates using the web?
0	f. w. murnau eventually moved to hollywood.
0	and that's where my name came from.
0	what exactly are the charges against him?
0	and these cameras have no scientific purpose.
0	then you need money to be equal.
0	some states require video training for drivers.
0	obviously it varies by field and location.
0	regulators are curious about the social network.
0	mark thanks very much for the call.
0	today he says france has 36,000 mormons.
0	christian euvrard is a prominent french mormon.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	i wonder how many they'll get back?
0	why did you do that congressman dickey?
0	he joins us from wbez in chicago.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	andy thanks very much for the call.
0	that's not a huge amount of time.
0	it belongs to the people of illinois.
0	would they printed on an i.d. card?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they're all in afghanistan fighting with us.
0	so what's the first story you got?
0	and that money was my nest egg.
0	and let's look at their recent behavior.
0	so we have all kinds of music.
0	and you're right on the frontline there.
0	we know that we can work together.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	this is something about us moving forward.
0	can they even still belong to it?
0	e-mail from david in salt lake city.
0	i said i work in an office.
0	independent producer kelly mcevers has the story.
0	what do we know about the suspect?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i am terrible at folding my laundry.
0	thank you it's nice being with you.
0	and we talk about student voices today.
0	the district hired three new security guards.
0	and whit ayres is a republican pollster.
0	and that year was very mentally scarring.
0	in one sense the words are synonyms.
0	i listen to wysu in youngstown ohio.
0	no children deserve a mother and father.
0	and each one was a different story.
0	we are intellectual soldiers we called ourselves.
0	they had a drill rig run aground.
0	a broken onion broken in many layers.
0	west virginia democrat jay rockefeller was there.
0	we're   asking him to change his ways.
0	i tried to ask my fellow reporters.
0	tyler was 24 when he was killed.
0	marshall replied it's general marshall mr. president.
0	so you might want to rethink that.
0	stay of execution i vote yes absolutely.
0	you wanted to watch all of it.
0	they may critique how the job's done.
0	let me just give you an example.
0	how do they get away with it?
0	i'm celeste headlee in for guy raz.
0	so special occasions we can quickly task.
0	what kind of work do they do?
0	the land trust concept is not new.
0	they insisted there was a book there.
0	edwards started with the air jordan 21.
0	and that's actually just what i said.
0	thanks very much for the call ethan.
0	the same response no none just silence.
0	we grew up in predominantly black neighborhoods.
0	and he's angry at the government too.
0	but you we got to step up.
0	i don't know how to say it.
0	but they don't have to pass legislation.
0	what i found was this true grit.
0	grandma of course im not a democrat.
0	you say the two wars are connected.
0	on december 20th something went terribly wrong.
0	i said you think anybody would care?
0	they battled in the streets of karachi.
0	they were released after a few days.
0	introverts can sell as well as extroverts.
0	i would say that was a minority.
0	i think somehow we've lost our way.
0	it's too late for a political solution.
0	so they had a very hard time.
0	that's npr senior political correspondent mara liasson.
0	luckily npr's robert smith knew a guy.
0	it's as if the ice is alive.
0	his family fled when the soviets invaded.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	thanks very much for joining us today.
0	it's good political strategy it's good photo-op.
0	and there's 28 grams in an ounce.
0	they feel like their tragedy is overlooked.
0	the russian policy was to prevent one.
0	kahneman and tversky taught thaler about psychology.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	so it's a little different than hers.
0	now how in control is muqtada al-sadr?
0	it's nice to talk to you again.
0	where are the democrats in this budget?
0	he's been called the perfect poster boy.
0	i hear you got a podcast now?
0	korostyshevsky is perlstein's partner in this escapade.
0	and now this week another thing happened.
0	and let's get elena on the line.
0	you better not spurn that sweet tea.
0	micheline maynard thanks for talking to us.
0	well you guys did a great job.
0	i wanted to get another caller in.
0	their families have never received any protection.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	jeff you want to explain that one?
0	we worked for the last 400 years.
0	and it also has an international airport.
0	and the committee chairman went even further.
0	so put this into perspective for us.
0	detroit's been in a tailspin for years.
0	i didn't know what they looked like.
0	well thank you very much rita moreno.
0	but actually i'd love to see more.
0	you're pretty close   there to the hurricane.
0	to me the whole thing was fascinating.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	natalie thanks very much for the call.
0	well we are doing dvd and blu-ray.
0	hd was the competing format with blu-ray.
0	if i could add one more point.
0	what the spf factor must be there.
0	but not everybody is feeling the vibe.
0	we're pulling ourselves up by the bootstraps.
0	as tradition demands the door is locked.
0	well so are a lot of us.
0	it goes to the question of identity.
0	and you just hate your job then?
0	this is marianne from greenville south carolina.
0	yeah yeah there's no doubt about that.
0	let's take a look at health care.
0	by the way we're talking about primaries.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	the three friends get to the beach.
0	i mean this must be pretty   emotional.
0	how could we get away with this?
0	i think i smell it an ant.
0	and it's not like that at all.
0	didn't the standard used to be 26?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they've won the european cup four times.
0	no that's actually a very interesting question.
0	jerry thanks very much for the call.
0	but we have to elevate the profession.
0	he's at the g-8 summit in japan.
0	then maddie's job would be at risk.
0	americans' disposable income fell almost nine percent.
0	he's editor-in-chief now of the washington monthly.
0	as we know it's hard to distribute.
0	and he said what do you think.
0	we're in continuing conversations with the governors.
0	that i gather is a political ad.
0	there's no other way to describe it.
0	do you like that part of it?
0	and simon schama joins us from london.
0	edwards was the youngest of six children.
0	but there's a vibrant underground in hip-hop.
0	a lot of them were older women.
0	i think it's going to go well.
0	it's in everybody's interest to fight it.
0	she keeps calling him sir olivier or.
0	erin's smile was more genuine this time.
0	now this presents interesting challenges for us.
0	did they even know where scotland was?
0	i mean all these people are coming.
0	the region is very poor very backward.
0	i mean who is this stephen stills?
0	some described it as a huge fireball.
0	we travel next to libya's neighbor egypt.
0	at sportsman marina in orange beach ala.
0	they're there for a reason says wood.
0	so was it something in the water?
0	i mean at the age of four.
0	does he seem bitter at all now?
0	well i think there are several interests.
0	and thank you   for your call taffy.
0	the chinese government said there were fewer.
0	it all starts with the forward observer.
0	something philosopher rosamond rhodes calls a supraorganism.
0	so what's new about this latest announcement?
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	can you tell me how that happened?
0	and he said yeah that's all true.
0	so where are the young black men?
0	she says saturdays now feel very different.
0	you've encountered this argument making the case.
0	and i thought this might be worthwhile.
0	and we see that all the time.
0	the promise land is the super bowl.
0	there was a swear word in there.
0	and nobody knows what you're listening to.
0	she's 25 she'll turn 26 in july.
0	john myers of kqed thanks very much.
0	so they need expenses they need money.
0	still what if the ebola virus mutates?
0	and thanks   a lot for joining us.
0	davis has been a staunch trump supporter.
0	we actually want to test that assumption.
0	and i was very touched very touched.
0	he joins us from the united kingdom.
0	it was just a higher-end sam goody.
0	he really yeah no. ramesh is right.
0	what about the device that you bought?
0	too much of a good thing however.
0	and it just it was also adorable.
0	but how are all of them linked?
0	she says saturdays now feel very different.
0	well mark i think it's mark's idea.
0	and in medicine they're ubiquitous as well.
0	brings supplies for pate de foie gras.
0	and that's what we need to do.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and what are you hoping to hear?
0	but generally speaking villagers were quite disengaged.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	from member station whqr catherine welch reports.
0	they were into it from the start.
0	thirdly you let the budget deficit expand.
0	on the one hand you want consolidation.
0	can i try and lift it up?
0	she is an immigration reporter for reuters.
0	yeah that's how i read it too.
0	it feels like a lot has changed.
0	is america really interested in the olympics?
0	i have to be honest with you.
0	his speech mostly focused on foreign policy.
0	you have to be screened pretty intensely.
0	coretta scott king stepped into the gap.
0	these are people who never spoke before.
0	and you'd be hard-pressed to do so.
0	we're making a lot more television now.
0	you spent a lot of time there.
0	you sound wistful when you describe this.
0	people generally win elections from the center.
0	you know there are several thingsi'm sorry.
0	my right hand has been completely reconstructed.
0	the best metropolitan area north was   memphis.
0	from georgia public broadcasting sam whitehead reports.
0	he works for a firm called npd.
0	i can have you a lovely accent.
0	his personal keyboard which was really generous.
0	joyce why can't kahlo enter this competition?
0	richard thank you for being with us.
0	and if so how do you recover?
0	now how does the current system work?
0	the government immediately thought of indiana university.
0	so i'm keeping myself in the dark.
0	larry we got to leave it there.
0	they are brothers born 20 years apart.
0	you're listening to talk of the   nation.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	coming up the electro-soul beats of alunageorge.
0	you can't say it on the radio.
0	it had nothing to do with that.
0	well generally speaking what are the findings?
0	this is a fight about absolutely nothing.
0	tamara keith npr news the white house.
0	they're snootier than the king and queen.
0	it can resist even the strongest antibiotics.
0	but it was amazing what they did.
0	they're trying to get you to smoke.
0	and you know and that's exciting to.
0	some of them will be more challenging.
0	it was very everybody said you can't.
0	tell us exactly where you are here.
0	and that to me showed bad judgment.
0	so what are you going to do?
0	lay lay wait wait wait my brother.
0	is that why restaurants still have matchbooks?
0	after his return in 1946 he did.
0	you are a working journalist inside venezuela.
0	and the relationship was not that   good.
0	that's the lead in the paper today.
0	obviously she's had a lot more experience.
0	we'll be back right after this break.
0	it looks kind of grainy doesn't it?
0	she was onboard for her first flight.
0	john thanks very much for the call.
0	so it's one of the great ironies.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	it was concerned about its military   power.
0	we don't want that kind of label.
0	and now to the space shuttle endeavor.
0	but it's a crazy amount of computing.
0	they were rescued by a japanese boat.
0	do you think that's a bad idea?
0	i make $8.30 an hour slaving it.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	electric vehicles have a very promising future.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	no illusions just reasonable expectations in damascus.
0	but still says dunn there's something here.
0	but here's another way to put it.
0	this year they've already hijacked 15 vessels.
0	i'm don gonyea in for steve inskeep.
0	well he's right about that last part.
0	thanks very much glad to be here.
0	they're visiting sections of the great wall.
0	that   law eases restrictions on government investigations.
0	i mean you mentioned that button town.
0	i barack hussein obama do solemnly swear.
0	kathleen with us from castroville in texas.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	he's hoping to find a quiet setting.
0	that's exactly what i wanted to do.
0	i saw the fractures in the court.
0	smithfield foods dropped her as a spokeswoman.
0	earlier i reached out to hayley peterson.
0	calhoun likes that as part of that.
0	and it was just extraordinary what happened.
0	she joined from bbc studios in london.
0	three republican senators now support gay marriage.
0	it has to start in the home.
0	ari welcome back to day to day.
0	that's npr's tamara keith in des moines.
0	npr's jim zarroli is here with details.
0	we have what happened here in paris.
0	we spent the night at the office.
0	take care of us like you should.
0	national guard soldiers checked   residents for id.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	that is unless the price is right.
0	did it matter what position you played?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	this is meant to be a celebration.
0	what kind if it gears after summer?
0	oh liane you have it i think.
0	it was amazing and such a gift.
0	is that what we're supposed to do?
0	i am talking about this new term.
0	debra is a senior in high school.
0	it's more power to the common man.
0	but it is not a wasted vote.
0	the government issued a national climate assessment.
0	thank you and i love your show.
0	adrian jackson thanks very much appreciate it.
0	this must be something that's quite daunting.
0	southern california has especially reduced water use.
0	anthony i understand you know zhao yan.
0	i started out there as a diver.
0	and most of the charges they've acknowledged.
0	but that legislation has stalled in baghdad.
0	i want to see the full report.
0	it became known as the arab spring.
0	thanks very much for the call david.
0	i you know i lost a lot.
0	she is a primary-care physician in manhattan.
0	now where are the migrants coming from?
0	thank you both for talking with us.
0	most hijacked ships are moored off puntland.
0	i don't know where my family is.
0	he talked at length with the mom.
0	my first memories are actually from mexico.
0	there is no chance to form opinions.
0	mcgrath is on oregon's version of medicaid.
0	he is the president's top military adviser.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	so i never got into the back.
0	but the clock he says is ticking.
0	i'm talking about colonel khadafi of libya.
0	but if you study look i agree.
0	mark's with us from kenosha in wisconsin.
0	you know it's a remarkably resilient business.
0	votes for mickey mouse no longer count.
0	all right npr's tamara keith is here.
0	kevin again thank you for that call.
0	this is the growing fastest-growing minority group.
0	i did not push you i said.
0	they thought it was an ironic joke.
0	and i would like to return there.
0	i don't know where he is going.
0	we're at the soccer part right now.
0	it's great to be with you all.
0	and also bill sheft solidarity my brother.
0	the middle class needs relief tax relief.
0	day to day contributor jennifer sharpe attended.
0	forget waiting until sunrise to gather signatures.
0	we're talking about sex and love addiction.
0	jeff cohen from wnpr in hartford reports.
0	so yeah we're organizing in the south.
0	marilyn thanks a lot for joining us.
0	just thought i'd throw that in there.
0	i mean i think it's very individual.
0	and that's something they need to know.
0	we look beyond just teen pregnancy prevention.
0	this war costs $10 billion a month.
0	from member station kpcc steven cuevas reports.
0	it stole this land and enslaved african-americans.
0	could somebody turn on the light please?
0	kevin welcome to talk of the nation.
0	what can we learn   from our neighbors?
0	and this was an otherwise reasonable guy.
0	they felt abandoned and i understood why.
0	so it's almost like a theater performance.
0	so we are talking 17,500 in baghdad.
0	and you had sustained applause standing ovation.
0	and it's time to play the puzzle.
0	you don't want to be too old.
0	a number of things riled a market.
0	and what comes out of it substantively?
0	you know and they have fumigated it.
0	you can't violate the law of gravity.
0	i know that he shot michael brown.
0	we're awfully early with this next one.
0	well let me ask you about that.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	so remind us of last week's challenge.
0	and then that didn't happen in washington.
0	she said yeah they're coming from mariel.
0	lydia casmier-derfler helps coordinate the teen program.
0	now you got to do things right.
0	so sort of counterintuitively she slowed down.
0	and i'm renee montagne in new orleans.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	it's not enough to support my family.
0	it's like hey you're going to open?
0	well doctor ro as always great advice.
0	a bit of history is informative here.
0	his sense of his ambition was big.
0	thank you for talking with us today.
0	do you have any questions so far?
0	my child is an honor gong player.
0	they also spent less on retirement savings.
0	julia boucher is the district's nutrition director.
0	since then things have gotten progressively worse.
0	republican tim murphy represents pennsylvania's 18th district.
0	they didn't know what to do me.
0	or are you already talking about that?
0	jonathan ahl of iowa public radio reports.
0	so the idea of quiet silent meditation?
0	that's thought to be a world record.
0	so it isn't just gas and oil.
0	i can't say exactly where it is.
0	i was working as a congressional staffer.
0	where do you want to take this?
0	and then i go over to riverside.
0	bob we're going to have some fun.
0	what do you think of daniel craig?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we didn't know it was a shot.
0	bob i want to take you back.
0	we're going to first hear sean connery.
0	carlos knew the risk he was taking.
0	that's andrew wallenstein tv editor at variety.
0	call the network and say settle this.
0	you don't even realize what you're doing.
0	she's on the line from new orleans.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	that's what dina ridot tried to do.
0	we were opening champagne and celebrating here.
0	those apartments are deliberately kept stupidly cheap.
0	is this someone who just was loose-lipped?
0	i think that it absolutely changed nothing.
0	it is absolutely making a huge difference.
0	hey before you guys-hey wait a minute.
0	there's a lot of interesting individual stories.
0	no no. you know i mean maybe.
0	well he went to disneyworld of course.
0	they pull the plug on the bankruptcy.
0	the funding increase has generated little controversy.
0	so i rewound it and watched again.
0	bunch says he tried to stop them.
0	but also technology has changed that dramatically.
0	so they're no longer counted as unemployed.
0	washington needs a major shake-up to change.
0	can you say where things stand now?
0	jim mowrer is a democrat age 28.
0	clyburn very briefly only a minute left.
0	cooper's adviser michael kopp wasn't buying it.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	he didn't give me advice about girls.
0	for npr news this is john mcdonough.
0	instead we almost always resolve problems militarily.
0	so are suspicions about its real use.
0	he says there are three possible scenarios.
0	and these took place in caracas today.
0	absolutely paul simon live and in person.
0	it's sort of brief and more contemporary.
0	the rumors started about a month ago.
0	bob i want to take you back.
0	well microsoft is making it pretty easy.
0	i'm afraid this really does date me.
0	well the rules governing military commissions changed.
0	so this doesn't   surprise me at all.
0	and the views we saw were incredible.
0	today we are sending a strong message.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	so you got to push it up.
0	radovan karadzic was also a published poet.
0	boats sounded their fog horns and sirens.
0	we don't talk about that very much.
0	johan bruyneel he was an ex-belgian pro.
0	how big is that opportunity we'll see.
0	what was going through your heads respectively?
0	it took nuclear option off the table.
0	how are you better at solving problems?
0	and some people get more than nervous.
0	how long ago did he go back?
0	those bridges came only in the 1960s.
0	this has been a three-plus year phenomenon.
0	one of his front teeth was missing.
0	not so much when you're the president.
0	that's where you find the qualified engineers.
0	on the other side the butler bulldogs.
0	they've never shown black superheroes that way.
0	i think wal-mart is the same way.
0	how old are you by the way?
0	after all we equate al-qaida with arabs.
0	i said what do you all day?
0	he grew and his potential was enormous.
0	don't say that tess don't say that.
0	would you repeat it for us please?
0	melanie thanks very much for the call.
0	well that's suppose we last until then.
0	we want to be friends with you.
0	so this is a pretty small sample.
0	and how do you see this race?
0	but i want to go home   too.
0	erica thanks very much for the call.
0	he's facing a recall election in june.
0	did you go there for the piece?
0	everett lehman of niosh in cincinnati ohio.
0	and sometimes they come out of it.
0	i mean are government ministries like mini-statelets?
0	joe thank you very much for that.
0	florida governor's race the most recent example.
0	fresno can be a pretty rough town.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	npr's diaa hadid has more from islamabad.
0	the muslims don't have a bill cosby.
0	they think that we are easily replaced.
0	new information this afternoon on that story.
0	what can you tell us about him?
0	i've been called a lot of things.
0	i mean he don't need to work.
0	i'm madeleine brand along with alex chadwick.
0	the rape charges were dropped in december.
0	it's been bugging me ever since time.
0	does that put pressure on you somehow?
0	an association shouldn't shy away from it.
0	the presidential election is in full swing.
0	i think helene gayle's car has arrived.
0	describe how you learned to do that.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	that's what i just got done saying.
0	we've never foundlet's put it this way.
0	she says the process works well now.
0	there are no real strong civil institutions.
0	he joined us from our washington headquarters.
0	and i wish congress solved more problems.
0	he says we don't denounce it enough.
0	what do you do there in eugene?
0	i mean why wouldn't it be weird?
0	his left-hand vibrato it's just pouring emotion.
0	they both have on in the middle.
0	you are listening to all things considered.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	well we've never seen anything like this.
0	i'm assuming you all encounter each other.
0	so it's natural to have these worries.
0	what does that do to your transmission?
0	you know they're afraid about the future.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	thank you so much for sharing it.
0	and i'm michele norris and it's march.
0	glad to talk to you again jacki.
0	and he raised media and corporate awareness.
0	merchanyan buys goods wholesale here every week.
0	and what if the cops caught you?
0	well the basic things is obviously healthcare.
0	or will that not be a problem?
0	well considering we're talking about democrats yes.
0	this is downtown l.a. it's very blue.
0	and the russians take that quite seriously.
0	but you know objectivity is a luxury.
0	i think they just want to escape.
0	these instruments send information back via satellite.
0	yeah it's got to be tom waits.
0	so all that you know is understandable.
0	doris thanks very much for the suggestion.
0	and by extension what would fix this?
0	thanks so much for talking to us.
0	he gave me rome for mother's day.
0	mike mckenzie is with royal oak ford.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but there's still a lot of violence.
0	what about el nino or la nina?
0	i said even when i screwed up?
0	do you understand alfonso's position at all?
0	you say coming like a freight train.
0	give you a half credit for that.
0	it's like i don't really miss it.
0	it's time for this week's africa update.
0	that was his dream way back when.
0	both these companies have very healthy profits.
0	what about cities like cleveland and cincinnati?
0	i mean you know you're in ohio.
0	when i was in school you wrote.
0	well thank you for having me on.
0	we have to give them a platform.
0	this email from go ahead i'm sorry.
0	soraya what's the latest in the investigation?
0	and so i really held that thought.
0	among these we just studied the aroma.
0	so what happens to someone like debbie?
0	during my speech they listen very quietly.
0	the first fires have been put out.
0	looking forward what is in your interest?
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	well didn't the children's lawyer actually object?
0	he cites germany's office of criminal investigation.
0	and they have refused to do that.
0	but can syria play a central role?
0	if they want democracy we don't care.
0	she got divorced several years ago actually.
0	how are people there coping with this?
0	so far there's no specific clear solution.
0	the questions is what are your alternatives?
0	thank you so much i appreciate it.
0	what's going on with the weather now?
0	you know it was just another pilot.
0	you brought it in at the end.
0	and i think we're glad they did.
0	and that's pretty much all he remembers.
0	on a beach and near dover del.
0	the new self-titled album is out now.
0	wiesel survived buchenwald his father did not.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	the deal was his no. 1 achievement.
0	again some of these descriptions are disturbing.
0	it's kind of a war of attrition.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and it made jc's life very difficult.
0	the enormous and growing disaster in myanmar.
0	we would kick around a soccer ball.
0	she goes on trial tomorrow for corruption.
0	there was my recruiter talked to him.
0	he said do you watch fox news?
0	religious leaders were there from the community.
0	so maybe he was actually in bed.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	what are you treating them for exactly?
0	that depends on who you talk to.
0	well i was involved in gang life.
0	so we're expecting a very active season.
0	lebanese authorities blame it on outside agitators.
0	and of course we have good sound.
0	you know you can pay your bail.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	and himself a former air force officer.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	the silence has been deafening on that.
0	so they just don't seem to be.
0	she's somebody that kim jong un trusts.
0	they live much like we do here.
0	and we let them set the pace.
0	and i was a real newspaper person.
0	she's kind of figure of the media.
0	you hope so but you never know.
0	and to report them if you can.
0	wisconsin's solicitor general misha tseytlin adds pointedly.
0	all right ken thanks for the call.
0	people can travel from place to place.
0	they saw 33 days of severe fighting.
0	and john is listening to the radio.
0	how are people there reacting to it?
0	npr's legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	well little old lady works for me.
0	it was the longest she'd ever talked.
0	we'll   look at the reaction in britain.
0	but what is rough and tumble politics?
0	we read and listen to them all.
0	and for me that's a big sign.
0	i didn't need to explain that hard.
0	this is special coverage from npr news.
0	mr. malley thanks for being with us.
0	i mean how can you beat that?
0	ghada has been dependent on her husband.
0	what's the refuge after the last refuge?
0	what does this mean for your cases?
0	badi does not live here in newlands.
0	georgegeorge is with us from glendale arizona.
0	first a small blast attracted a crowd.
0	what would the worst-case scenario have been?
0	ah it's great to be here neal.
0	there's a huge battle for one seat.
0	so will a congressional investigation   be distracting?
0	but i mean the fact is that.
0	talk to you next week from indiana.
0	super bowl tomorrow and then super tuesday.
0	help us understand what's going on there.
0	and there's a huge imbalance of opportunity.
0	havenith says light-colored lightweight fabrics are best.
0	he noticed the next day at lunch.
0	or else it will never help them.
0	we're talking with professor william fitzhugh brundage.
0	and the four-year-old said that's barack obama.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	can i ask what he sounded like?
0	those changes haven't even come through yet.
0	some of the books are her own.
0	just don't give me the same idiot.
0	and in minutes the test is over.
0	that would then get to a crisis.
0	but the differences aren't going away either.
0	see what he's doing to us steve?
0	i love sex i think it's great.
0	oh no no no. that's brother tavis.
0	so what is the budget for darpa?
0	it's just the fans of opposing teams.
0	is the alternative to go to war?
0	this is tony tony calling from miami.
0	brain training has become a hot commodity.
0	i honestly don't understand why they care.
0	well there's a river through milford too.
0	and hold on all three of you.
0	there's no one to hurt you anymore.
0	but where did those big trucks go?
0	now they'll have to change the tune.
0	i have so much to give back.
0	fairness justice respect for ourselves and others.
0	it's a complete capitulation on this issue.
0	and then suddenly you're concerned about civility.
0	and that is just it's so disheartening.
0	i think this is a great challenge.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	so the wildlife is really coming back.
0	we got a little beat going there.
0	oh i appreciate that brother very much.
0	family values mean a little bit more.
0	you can join the conversation: 800-989-8255 800-989-talk.
0	she's with the center for responsible lending.
0	it's very difficult to escape that conclusion.
0	he came back to live in 2006.
0	jorge villagran is the project's technical director.
0	the whistleblower hers is an extraordinary story.
0	you talked about a sense of betrayal.
0	can i afford to have another child?
0	and so listen up and stay   tuned.
0	you know it's been a funny year.
0	thanks very much for the call carol.
0	blacks in this country are twilight people.
0	will you say anything to get elected?
0	she and two colleagues devised an experiment.
0	besides she says the pay is good.
0	meanwhile investors will be watching the numbers.
0	the government now controls it we're told.
0	and i'm going to miss you guys.
0	well i'm going to guess teddy kennedy.
0	overnight there's reports of clashes in sloviansk.
0	my family is cuban and puerto rican.
0	let's say you save $500 a month.
0	welcome back to the program pastor clark.
0	she's also the president of bennett college.
0	it's up on our website at sciencefriday.
0	well it left an impression on me.
0	who else do you think scored well?
0	i think this is a ridiculous exercise.
0	that was manuel noriega's lawyer jon may.
0	a $200-a-month plan was an easy sell.
0	thank you very much both of you.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	and of course he ran for president.
0	say they're burglarized their house is burglarized.
0	nycz wants to build two more clinics.
0	he's a dad husband and electrical engineer.
0	i always take care of my job.
0	well let me ask you about politics.
0	no it was far more than that.
0	and a tote bag i might add.
0	i cleaned up the peas and rice.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	art pepper was played brilliant alto saxophone.
0	i remember going around rallies and things.
0	but their very presence changes the place.
0	you know but we were very specific.
0	and it's just a disaster out there.
0	there is often a lot of shame.
0	the nontraditional college student has become traditional.
0	mosa is a teacher not a fighter.
0	pelosi insists there's nothing new happening here.
0	the voting rights act was then passed.
0	well look you know he's the producer-in-chief.
0	this does in a way make sense.
0	they're real sort of seat-of-the-pants type pilots.
0	what was in this hole is not.
0	adrian florido npr news yabucoa puerto rico.
0	number two book listing prices for philatelists.
0	and the army was not pursuing ex-servicemen.
0	dad how many malfattis do we have?
0	well you know i've lost my home.
0	and there are other apps out there.
0	but still alive yes unfortunately for him.
0	theyve seen it on the tv news.
0	they just haven't made such big news.
0	the dueling memos are both out now.
0	did you feel harassed at any point?
0	i think that is an important distinction.
0	so i climb up on the stage.
0	i give the dove spot a c-.
0	but it's right on my back door.
0	here in southern new mexico it's scrubland.
0	she was a youth for kennedy volunteer.
0	there's an amazing cast in this film.
0	thanks so much for your call samantha.
0	just wanted to let you know that.
0	so it's really a very large-scale effort.
0	parker's autograph made total sense to me.
0	do you want to answer these questions?
0	but not everybody dies outside you see.
0	it was just a matter of time.
0	i'm pregnant so money's been an issue.
0	that was my dog who is barking.
0	i've got an important question for you.
0	one there's a problem with the study.
0	but you lived in a van right?
0	but he's not just african-american colin powell.
0	she helps me shower in all honesty.
0	we've been listening to npr's john mcchesney.
0	it poisons the system and it stinks.
0	well that's certainly what makes darpa unique.
0	they're worried about infiltration across the lines.
0	i did have children and it's interesting.
0	mathematiciansthey know   seven is always seven period.
0	we're building so many new power plants.
0	that's where npr's nathan rott is now.
0	and this just doesn't seem very hospitable.
0	what in your view should happen now?
0	electricity food medical supplies are all lacking.
0	and that deal is worth $146 million.
0	the police still haven't caught her captors.
0	she's the daughter of a mexican-born father.
0	we're going to get letters about that.
0	from npr news this all things considered.
0	there you go richard music and lyrics.
0	maybe my grandkids will pay for it.
0	they were not going to do it.
0	let me put it this way tony.
0	much is lost in iraq right now.
0	he died the instant that plane crashed.
0	well i mean the cliche is true.
0	all right we'll need to watch that.
0	well he'd have to precook the potatoes.
0	it's happening in the plains of pakistan.
0	and it's just now getting under way.
0	god will bless you rose told her.
0	but health care is coming along well.
0	they may smoke less or drink less.
0	and when   is it absolutely not appropriate?
0	on the record guaranteed within three years.
0	i love my little   leather zip-front jacket.
0	and bernice was a hard line teacher.
0	scott thanks so much for joining us.
0	and you're watching these credits roll backwards.
0	i'm like water cutting through a rock.
0	but in the film it's chopped up.
0	and bernice i wonder what you think.
0	well the russians did that in afghanistan.
0	ahh let me ask all of you.
0	so now we're on the third   phase.
0	i don't need to buy a ticket.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	we were jaded to a certain extent.
0	so go to our website it's sciencefriday.
0	yeah it certainly is a balancing act.
0	jamika takes us up to her balcony.
0	and let's get right down to it.
0	what's the background to these two issues?
0	i love that it's a family activity.
0	have we made up this lost ground?
0	the guy came to service the car.
0	it's such an incredible group of orchids.
0	i had a rec room growing up.
0	but the bipartisan feeling was wearing thin.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	some deal with it in different ways.
0	but more broadly speaking what about banks?
0	how about toil t o i l?
0	panicking about feeding guests over the holidays?
0	saleh says he's going to leave power.
0	lots of other information and pictures too.
0	he's washington editor of the nation magazine.
0	he's a 30-year-old lawyer here in shanghai.
0	carys began squeezing them between her teeth.
0	i went in for my annual physical.
0	today in your health preventing weight gain.
0	i believe it has been picked up.
0	npr's ivan watson joins us from kabul.
0	he said add 14 to the list.
0	well inside my head i'm actually 12.
0	what qualities do you think they share?
0	so wait a minute what happens next?
0	please put gratitude in the subject line.
0	like neighbors are you know miles away.
0	here is how he responded to 715.
0	have you seen any of his cartoons?
0	but ebola wasn't done with ellis' family.
0	we looked at federal and state data.
0	there's an excerpt at our website npr.
0	we're reporting on people with intellectual disabilities.
0	and i want to get to calls.
0	it's a big part of trump's identity.
0	and the house vote is also uncertain.
0	just the first letter of his name.
0	he still got off without a ticket.
0	i couldn't live with myself doing that.
0	well think of a word meaning criminals.
0	just google npr getting to zero carbon.
0	it's like 20 minutes and they're done.
0	are you as impressed as he is?
0	fudgy brownies are mixed in a saucepan.
0	that's the company's new chairman michael ferro.
0	of course this is a non-binding resolution.
0	and this wedding will lift everybody up.
0	for an answer we called mark ramsey.
0	trump pointed that out during his rally.
0	and by the evening schools become universities.
0	a security guard interrupted our discussion here.
0	julie thank you for the phone call.
0	remember the sad case of marlise munoz?
0	this year that horse was street sense.
0	she's a villain i love to hate.
0	there's a link to it at npr.
0	we're in the northern regions of patagonia.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	instead they're saying   here's a forward-looking president.
0	do you groom certain plants for show?
0	she just received a kennedy center honor.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and then he saw us come in.
0	for npr news i am rick kleffel.
0	and dallas mildenhall is a forensic palynologist.
0	i thought it was a better book.
0	and let's get a unit price here.
0	but i think those are terrific recommendations.
0	they crisscross their skis in the air.
0	he's scheduled to be executed next week.
0	philip nice to have you with us.
0	i'm not going to vote for obama.
0	they viewed him as a hot start-up.
0	experts say he's not alone in that.
0	it has been proven time and again.
0	no. i think it's just mike myers.
0	not ray says that it was easy.
0	well it's very warm for one thing.
0	they have an 800-mile border with russia.
0	he listened and he said you're right.
0	judy and aaron stigger thanks very much.
0	and that's how you measure your candidates.
0	and i agree with jasmyne on that.
0	and you can feel that on stage.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	my vote would go for chris paul.
0	for example we've got usc's kevin mayo.
0	how will that affect the nba draft?
0	and then she just couldn't find work.
0	puneet what do you think about this?
0	and are they willing to honor it?
0	that's all things considered from npr news.
0	ron why this turn in the campaign?
0	south korea could reassess its non-nuclear status.
0	and at night that's when they feed.
0	thanks very much for speaking with us.
0	i think nevada you know even colorado.
0	they don't know who to turn to.
0	what was he like as a cornerman?
0	his first name is actually mark anthony.
0	the lakes the forests just the country.
0	no. i think i have like 12.
0	ron what are you saying to do?
0	that's a huge installed base of distribution.
0	but he said stop it stop it.
0	he had some troubles with the law.
0	nbc universal is offering its programs commercial-free.
0	and you know those things find you.
0	i think there's one in colorado too.
0	i understand how absurd this probably sounds.
0	how did you get started with this?
0	it's possible it could be u.s.-led airstrikes.
0	of course that word may sound highfalutin.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	but grambling had bused to the game.
0	and we forget why naito was important.
0	welcome to science friday this week flora.
0	it's even a little dumber than that.
0	is this where you want to be?
0	exterminator a noble profession i should add.
0	what kind of success does it have?
0	nobody knows from where the product comes.
0	eventually they made him an honorary captain.
0	they've laid-off i think over 120 people.
0	that's according realtytrac the foreclosure listing service.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and in many cases that's not true.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they appear to be fulfilling that threat.
0	this is a symbol of i'm sorry.
0	you can see how it clumps yeah.
0	wanted to know if he's coming back.
0	he's a quicker version of muhammad ali.
0	this is how he remembers those days.
0	again we have to get much better.
0	but recently harris got some good news.
0	well we don't know very much neal.
0	the money is wasted the death accumulates.
0	and he would never tell her why.
0	i can't do that can't do it.
0	do either of you think that's realistic?
0	the state's firearm purchase records are incomplete.
0	something had to be done about it.
0	she was a great inspiration of mine.
0	i'm not surprised that he was consistent.
0	ashley's on the line from oklahoma city.
0	don't be afraid to look at it.
0	but it is it does start there.
0	they kind of created the whole environment.
0	here to explain is npr's jim zarroli.
0	klossner also played football for tupper lake.
0	so now look where's the market right?
0	lauren's a single mom from the bronx.
0	fewer and fewer tourists spend the night.
0	it's facebook took this matter very seriously.
0	and what would you move it to?
0	who is or what is a badass?
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	ok thanks have a great weekend stefan.
0	so some of it feels very organic.
0	is that the basis of rachel's law?
0	some children have died in these places.
0	it's because you broke up with me.
0	well fortunately people are being more generous.
0	it's been 10 hours since he ate.
0	in britain invariably there is extreme anger.
0	jacob welcome to talk of the nation.
0	you know it'll be different i'm sure.
0	that would be just lovely i think.
0	today u.s. army nurse mildred dalton manning.
0	when they don't adapt they stop growing.
0	ann two things stuck out to me.
0	and let's talk about that new leadership.
0	and there isn't a way to tell.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	the lawsuit also involved 20th century fox.
0	do you feel like you've made it?
0	pete thanks very much for the call.
0	these are the queries he's talking about.
0	for some answers let's go to detroit.
0	to listen to   the show visit npr.
0	and what are they saying in schools?
0	people respect me because they fear me.
0	let's hear from ernie in tucson arizona.
0	we're now at that point with stuff.
0	he's writing from moscow we should say.
0	well let me give you the figures.
0	the stress was too much for him.
0	these details come from the police report.
0	that's for the 49 percent in 2004.
0	what was the response from the europeans?
0	where is the consensus and in fact.
0	i'm at the back of the stage.
0	they've all got a very   different feel.
0	but scientifically speaking it's not that important.
0	we're talking with troy patterson of slate.
0	that is what i'm very worried about.
0	and which one of you is which?
0	thanks for joining us on political corner.
0	let's hear from kathleen in denver colorado.
0	npr's sarah mccammon is in virginia beach.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so that would be very interesting too.
0	the technology isn't infallible but it helps.
0	well if it grows another brain yeah.
0	that was federal reserve chairman ben bernanke.
0	he was this charismatic preacher singer painter.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he wanted to do something   about poverty.
0	and then god gave us a son.
0	no of course they should be done.
0	i have a question about the methane.
0	anyway just wanted to share that one.
0	it's saved me i have to say.
0	well that might be a bit much.
0	it was absolutely true he stepped up.
0	and there's a long way to go.
0	how much now let me expand that.
0	they'll have to cast votes as democrats.
0	one was from yemen ali abdullah ahmed.
0	debbie elliott npr news st. augustine fla.
0	and there will be a next time.
0	andy thanks very much for the call.
0	they ignored the importance of cultural relevance.
0	but andy was never quite this ignorant.
0	well it isn't an application for citizenship.
0	and i'll see you friday i hope.
0	we've been neighbors for almost two decades.
0	that was congresswoman karen bass of california.
0	so how'd you figure this one out?
0	but supporters of these measures adamantly disagree.
0	i didn't know how to do it.
0	i am the only full-time staff person.
0	and now we're not talking to you.
0	so i've been at this a while.
0	we're working with our allies in europe.
0	we're going to talk more about a-rod.
0	i was on tour with curved air.
0	the unions say they will not stop.
0	this happens a lot in vinton county.
0	well i would say it's an omission.
0	they don't have that in the philippines.
0	a handful of unarmed citizens provided protection.
0	i think george is a great actor.
0	it's a   pleasure to be with you.
0	and let's get brian on the line.
0	you heard billy connolly and pauline collins.
0	so you actually were like adrian kronauer.
0	and this was echoed by julio lopez.
0	why is roger ailes' departure coming now?
0	trump wanted to be well more trump.
0	he said yes but not in perpetuity.
0	you've gone in a very different direction.
0	thanks so much for joining us today.
0	offenders at this hartford parole office agree.
0	so then we had new guys recruited.
0	it's more interested in products and profit.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	the road was literally paved with   glass.
0	that's her playing mendelssohn at age 12.
0	well you know some consider it disrespectful.
0	are you going to start touring again?
0	this town is not going to care.
0	progressives cannot forget about the white working-class.
0	we just have about a minute left.
0	this is reverend linda from oberlin kansas.
0	gary leach is one of those outsiders.
0	yeah but i mean it's true though.
0	also with us fashion critic robin givhan.
0	well i think they have their place.
0	david you just moved across the country.
0	they were then rescued by a boat.
0	e.j. dionne david brooks thanks once again.
0	so it's been very devastating for us.
0	i don't know if you knew that.
0	thanks so much for your call tina.
0	the stories are at our website: npr.
0	they said hey i got a bonus.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	what a greedy country we live in.
0	there's nothing you can do about that.
0	it will just be simply like that.
0	king jordan has a big white smile.
0	they say this is not a demotion.
0	i mean i grew up in lebanon.
0	and he is a columnist for mlb.
0	and again to most people it is.
0	john you're on talk of the nation.
0	eighteen were hondurans   including jose francisco andina.
0	we still got four weeks to go.
0	our embedded counselor she wasn't in iraq.
0	they were a threat to saudi arabia.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	barbara jackson these dolls are truly magnificent.
0	that doesn't   mean he's against the religion.
0	piracy thrives in somalia for two reasons.
0	i never had him as an instructor.
0	what are the details of   your program?
0	where do you see us in 2060?
0	it's not easy to be rich right?
0	doctors do you routinely recommend the test?
0	the u.s. is not the biggest donor.
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	it's expected to make its choice soon.
0	the letter demands a return to civility.
0	npr's robert smith went to say goodbye.
0	in kunar that figure is even lower.
0	some armories are out in rural areas.
0	it also ruined whatever reputation he had.
0	i think you got the point though.
0	nora zajack we just got married yesterday.
0	you know is the data being copied?
0	well people were in charge under pressure.
0	but every american deserves a fair trial.
0	he's going to have to do that.
0	i've got nothing for you he said.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	e.j. what do you think about that?
0	he asked them to take them out.
0	i can't forget those times we had.
0	how do you know stuff like that?
0	you made me happy so very glad.
0	i think this matters for two reasons.
0	she got the lesson about sounding good.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	here's npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg.
0	geraldine samir manages the girl's scholarship program.
0	it had gone on for 15 years.
0	schools of education have to challenge themselves.
0	the people of north korea suffer terribly.
0	we'll hear from him in a moment.
0	well i never actually did test clear.
0	d.a. henderson led the smallpox eradication effort.
0	oh that i guess i'm not that.
0	here's some postcards we've gotten by email.
0	we also have some corrections this morning.
0	my interests and my psyche are multifaceted.
0	that followed increases in the previous quarter.
0	and although that initially bothered some people.
0	he has a better now you think.
0	we can't all be polymaths today unfortunately.
0	the families were never told about this.
0	so that's what world leaders are doing.
0	so why don't more people have these?
0	but the truth is freedom is free.
0	like that you were helping isis unintentionally.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	it's the size of a swimming pool.
0	a lot of people did believe it.
0	do women automatically support a woman candidate?
0	that is a big option right now.
0	lenders are a lot better about lending.
0	as you said earlier congress is adjourned.
0	they basically came in around 9 a.m.
0	have you heard from federal aid officials?
0	so i think that can be made.
0	what do you really want to say?
0	and you know then you get dropped.
0	if you don't sell anything at all.
0	let's be narrow and let's be bipartisan.
0	and let me just reintroduce our guests.
0	and it's not like valentine was dying.
0	now there's a push for direct talks.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	let's then be clear at the beginning.
0	hi my question is for prof. kammen.
0	we do need to change our laws.
0	let's bring another voice into the conversation.
0	by mid-afternoon today no murders were reported.
0	that's billions in value for this company.
0	and they can qualify for university aid.
0	of course you need to do it.
0	we'll work together we'll be a team.
0	you're listening to science friday on npr.
0	it actually stands for preferred provider organization.
0	ana marie cox what do you say?
0	larry thanks so much for joining us.
0	today is the anniversary of an investigation.
0	there's real bailout fatigue on capitol hill.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	because the salmonella could grow in it.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	the sweet grass is slowly slipping away.
0	we're talk about it get your opinions.
0	teenagers are cynical adds aaron yost 16.
0	we're good for the russians he says.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	well that was certainly an important factor.
0	and he was president for 42 years.
0	cole also represented saudi arabia's interior minister.
0	let's go to sarah in riverton wyoming.
0	several universities have special funds to help.
0	sotelo is shattered looking at his city.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	that's the official catering company for wimbledon.
0	and we're the greatest nation on earth.
0	and let's get tim on the line.
0	why is it like such a thing?
0	it doesn't really seem right to me.
0	and everyone's palate has just gotten better.
0	what kind of show do you do?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	dr. georges you are an african-american physician.
0	and in face-to-face translating it also works.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	what's your fondest memory of bill proxmire?
0	no it's not going to do that.
0	there's a couple things with this couple.
0	let's take a look at the facts.
0	but it there's definitely a learning curve.
0	there is no federal ballot design authority.
0	thanks very much for having me rachel.
0	is there a way to do that?
0	thanks very much for calling us ingrid.
0	and we'll be checking in with you.
0	some of them even brought their children.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	that's not the way things should operate.
0	you think they need a shakeup really.
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	thirty-one people welcomed coleman to the point.
0	a zero option meaning what no troops?
0	all of these are potential real dangers.
0	i believe they have a queen's day.
0	i'm tim dreier from san antonio texas.
0	it's almost impossible to imagine these days.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	i'm not going to cry am i?
0	this is still the experimental phase right?
0	thanks very much for the call carl.
0	they thought she'd be the strongest candidate.
0	i thought i might but i didn't.
0	he was joined by relatives of victims.
0	well what do you think is missing?
0	well it was certainly a great adventure.
0	most stereotypes have some truth to them.
0	she went off zoloft before getting pregnant.
0	and people will go back to work.
0	the land was owned by anthony palmer.
0	i wouldn't wear anything that was uncomfortable.
0	congressman kingston let me start with you.
0	how much of a burden is it?
0	hi you're on talk of the nation.
0	there is no change in our policy.
0	now how do you define a stereotype?
0	it was just a question of when.
0	but the competition gets under way today.
0	they're in bed too tired to talk.
0	well representative ellison thank you very much.
0	thanks very much for calling us today.
0	although i've traveled all around the country.
0	democratic consultant bill burton worked for obama.
0	oh can i get oh i'm sorry.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	kim's with us from richmond in virginia.
0	yes we had taken a federal lawsuit.
0	you know yeah they're actually very intimidating.
0	you raised a couple of different issues.
0	sadly that estimation did not last long.
0	he says the fernandez he remembers wasn't.
0	i think he's a great charismatic speaker.
0	he he has a lot of charm.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	there's been no explanation for that decision.
0	it was at 2:00 in the morning.
0	then four more when she got home.
0	i like that idea of protecting songwriting.
0	that was not supposed to have happened.
0	it's a sign of mozambique's economic growth.
0	so did texas senator ted cruz's campaign.
0	more rallies are planned later this month.
0	our series invites listeners everywhere to participate.
0	gadhafi was known for his outrageous wealth.
0	so as the trump administration cuts healthcare.
0	it's a really really sweet well-made film.
0	i think they are kind of uncomfortable.
0	well they went along kicking and screaming.
0	on that note what's next for you?
0	but besides that point it's just negative.
0	so we can actually compare those things.
0	i mean that might be a problem.
0	he says no human endeavor is perfect.
0	let's go to mitch in logan utah.
0	and so it doesn't work as well.
0	you summed up 10-years worth of research.
0	oh it's great to have you back.
0	we do not keep track of pollinators.
0	i mean they're the perfect bad guys.
0	now they might be involved in one.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i mean we didn't use   much equipment.
0	and tell our audience who she is.
0	it has been for quite some time.
0	well we should not be worried now.
0	he's around he's and there you are.
0	but could that play a role here?
0	i'm interested in how you phrased that.
0	lori welcome to talk of the nation.
0	so you know they can't do nothing.
0	so that would be the traditional bonus.
0	but president trump has gone much farther.
0	it rose 18 percent that exceeds expectations.
0	lulu were you worried for your father?
0	and we're back with npr's daniel zwerdling.
0	how are people reacting in the community?
0	average temperatures and sea levels keep rising.
0	and you can also turn it off.
0	will you put leds in your house?
0	housing starts took another tumble last month.
0	they've got an idiot as a president.
0	but there's times when you lose control.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they give people more choices he says.
0	i'm the only one who grows these.
0	there are these big questions being asked.
0	i think they advertise that on tv.
0	it is a combat death of course.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the perseids are the exception to that.
0	that's stephen fowler from georgia public broadcasting.
0	danny weaver so what are beekeepers doing?
0	some very unusual visitors to gaza today.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	mitt romney has been on television everywhere.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and all i want is an argument.
0	she spoke with us from new york.
0	no but you know what i'm saying.
0	they should be a partner for peace.
0	it's a little generic the barbara walters.
0	it's the way you write about it.
0	it was an adventurous youth to have.
0	i listen to you all the time.
0	and mike we get your broader point.
0	the mystery novel has a mixed pedigree.
0	what's going to happen to the pensions?
0	there are conservatives who don't like it.
0	he says most small theaters couldn't survive.
0	others worry that growth cannot be sustained.
0	thank you and have a good day.
0	i remember i did vote for reagan.
0	there was a sort of a remake.
0	npr's carrie kahn speaking from npr west.
0	gates supporters say he was understandably indignant.
0	i started smoking back in catholic school.
0	and what are you paying for breakfast?
0	there are a lot of drug sites.
0	show a bunch of videos of rappers.
0	i think boehner sincerely wants a deal.
0	and have you ever regretted doing that?
0	but i can help lance you know.
0	he's known as a longtime putin ally.
0	he had no concern whatsoever with that.
0	when she refused they shot her dead.
0	the insurgency however has not   gone away.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so why is this debt level rising?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but i think attitudes have changed slowly.
0	there was just nothing nothing like it.
0	and the architect is frenchman paul andreu.
0	is that what you're trying to say?
0	or whether it be the motor home.
0	could there be a struggle for power?
0	documents what documents is she talking about?
0	certainly that's save the children uk's view.
0	todd akin will be the republican nominee.
0	but every now and then that happened.
0	he had to go on from there.
0	he's a priest in this town tasiilaq.
0	i mean that would be very helpful.
0	please eliminate some confusion over this issue.
0	one of those truisms of wine detection.
0	she's with the naacp's legal defense fund.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	is that the chinese equivalent of facebook?
0	so i just picked something you know.
0	i'm still trying to narrow it down.
0	she appreciates its splendor rain or shine.
0	we're living in the present too robert.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's a banking company based in london.
0	and i know we're making a difference.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and it begins to broaden your horizons.
0	don't know what we're going to do.
0	it's that time of year isn't it?
0	so it does very little to help.
0	and we got to get over that.
0	chris cannon is really a reliable conservative.
0	and how long have you been here?
0	and that would be everybody i assume.
0	exactly a very sophisticated and thousand-year-old recipe.
0	all right julie here's a math question.
0	this little island produces its own stamps.
0	are we going to hear any more?
0	and let's get barry on the line.
0	an awfully stiff price to pay though.
0	in just a moment if you would.
0	he could hold great crowds in thrall.
0	let's take a listen to one scene.
0	and we're joined now by glenn kessler.
0	well the mayor gets the irony there.
0	well we hope to reinvigorate the motivation.
0	like make some more money you know?
0	so there's still a lot of reacting.
0	it depends on how you define ideals.
0	their window for musical adventure it's closed.
0	that's the kind of things isis does.
0	he was speaking to us from istanbul.
0	we wish you the best of luck.
0	so is that the end of it?
0	and he was a city employee right?
0	he taught me that nothing is impossible.
0	here to stay is a new bird.
0	whoever comes after   sharon affects us directly.
0	i said call me whatever you know.
0	you don't see it that way clearly.
0	i'm farai chideya in for ed gordon.
0	i think things are much better now.
0	open-access is great and everyone believes that.
0	she joined us from member station kcur.
0	we haven't had one in many years.
0	well that's one version of the story.
0	you know we'll deal with that later.
0	and you know she speaks no english.
0	here's no. 1 three t-h-r-e-e and popular.
0	they're doing propaganda broadcasts across the border.
0	hi rachel how's it going this morning?
0	well that happened here in detroit farai.
0	there are no workers in this factory.
0	it's sort of my thing you know.
0	and yes glassman says psychology is bad.
0	good to have you on the program.
0	thank you for making me feel better.
0	ambassador sameh shoukry was overseeing the process.
0	they don't really haveexcuse mehave an agenda.
0	it definitely is in a serious condition.
0	by far the leading reason was health.
0	they issued a condemnation recently of that.
0	he chose me for the whip team.
0	npr's science correspondent joe palca has more.
0	mayor rahm emanuel fired the police superintendent.
0	i called him my big teddy bear.
0	i'm very proud of my party today.
0	oh you're going to pay the money.
0	on the table which we'll get to.
0	so we made all these different plants.
0	that was beth norris in new orleans.
0	bruce is with us from montgomery california.
0	cynthia wood died of cancer in 2010.
0	well will meet amber amber meet will.
0	they feel that he's a fresh face.
0	well certainly i mean osama been missing.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	and i've been to a few places.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	fred mollin and the blue sea band.
0	the woman next to her was killed.
0	what were you hearing from people there?
0	oh well how did that go then?
0	now here's another question about insurance companies.
0	scientific research can seem abstract or esoteric.
0	people find their wages are pretty stagnant.
0	google will let us know very quickly.
0	her husband was killed trying to flee.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	smoking in the movies helps create it.
0	because here's alex in ann arbor michigan.
0	the chrysler decision was the first one.
0	is this idea essentially dead for good?
0	she couldn't walk any longer at 17.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	the cd is a collection of spirituals.
0	and we may be back to elections.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	and arun he walked kind of slowly.
0	i know that he enjoyed his work.
0	so i wouldn't count her out yet.
0	they're putting a brave face on it.
0	he said force structure not ship level.
0	mike mike with us from st. louis.
0	i'd like to weigh in on that.
0	well it depends somewhat on the circumstances.
0	it's not just a city with suburbs.
0	i actually wanted to be an emt.
0	it's the same kind of thing though.
0	may the nazis shout only to snowflakes.
0	he's speaking with the bbc's lyce doucet.
0	tell me a bit about richard foster.
0	steve tripoli from marketplace joins us now.
0	a father of three grandfather to seven.
0	we have a 40 42 16 78.
0	nobody directs the behavior of the ants.
0	there's a lot of unemployment up there.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	here to explain is marketplace's sam eaton.
0	there are lots of other ideas too.
0	cynthia thanks very much for the call.
0	well let's bring in dr. charles wibbelsman.
0	tell us more about what's happening there.
0	yeah i think that that's his argument.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	but so the karadzic trial is underway.
0	you get them for next to nothing.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	field roast i could keep naming them.
0	then there's hillary clinton's own low ceiling.
0	but this will be an   industry first.
0	thanks very much for the call matt.
0	and that was the end of that.
0	she takes a seat in the corner.
0	ofeibea quist-arcton npr news yida south sudan.
0	have you seen any evidence of that?
0	neal conan will be back on monday.
0	michele thanks very much for your call.
0	we have christopher calling from sacramento california.
0	yeah i would definitely agree with you.
0	a scan that you had or something.
0	here's the latest sent from philip reeves.
0	let's go to ryan from pensacola florida.
0	it goes with me everywhere i go.
0	things that seem like total curveballs do.
0	npr's deborah amos reports from new york.
0	ok eyes this way and let's start.
0	alex rodriguez would have been the first.
0	what are you learning about that soraya?
0	saddam hussein has been removed from power.
0	some healthcare providers may talk about it.
0	combined the two of you into one.
0	that one is very difficult to address.
0	you not only said tiger wouldn't win.
0	it sounds like   quite a sophisticated operation.
0	npr's camila domonoske is in the studio.
0	there are deep divisions in this country.
0	let's take it out on the depositors.
0	it's one part of a large puzzle.
0	daniel garza knows a bit about that.
0	and happy fourth of july to you.
0	you're an awfully busy man dr. delbeau.
0	they got out a real good vote.
0	they're coming up with some creative solutions?
0	well let's go to the phones now.
0	a government that signed a peace deal.
0	the   democrats are demanding they be released.
0	her skin and hair are snow white.
0	sounds almost like a novel doesn't it?
0	originally the opinion was assigned to o'connor.
0	click on the submit your answer link.
0	thank you scott for having me on.
0	thanks very much for talking with us.
0	well he played a young innocent character.
0	i've been able to reach countless girls.
0	because my understanding was sanctions are automatic.
0	here's democratic senator ben cardin of maryland.
0	political junkie ken rudin is with us.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	tell me a little bit about them.
0	that report won't be released before june.
0	very physical great skill he hits people.
0	and as much fun as acting is.
0	this was bizarre nonsensical bologna contemptible showboating.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the rolling stones are performing at halftime?
0	well you've got to earn it sherry.
0	so on one hand war is emotional.
0	and so the sea ice is changing.
0	he joins us now from san francisco.
0	it's much better looking at you neal.
0	this was a couple of thousand people.
0	hi good afternoon guys and happy holidays.
0	were they tone deaf about doing it?
0	and then he'd go back to sleep.
0	the referee saw it and gave it.
0	another city hurting in this economy detroit.
0	so tell us about young dell parsons.
0	barack obama received just over 45 percent.
0	first they said he left the consulate.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we could cut out on invasive surgeries.
0	is that typical of things ever since?
0	how much truth do you give that?
0	i did a lot of bad things.
0	and hillary clinton what is she saying?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	you know family is everything to me.
0	it's a different kind of american dream.
0	one argument is that's pandering and stereotyping.
0	it's about these candidates demonstrating early strength.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	and select our next group of customers.
0	many nfl teams begin spring workouts today.
0	james is with us from wichita kansas.
0	well it's good to talk to you.
0	i about fell out of my skin.
0	it's worse than that it's really profane.
0	one the first one was the lisa.
0	will any of these candidates do that?
0	what do you enjoy about being there?
0	i would say very quickly with that.
0	thanks very much for the call phil.
0	use all the resources of the   state.
0	personally you know really sort of low-key.
0	on both sides of the cold war?
0	i took a 10-day boat to berlin.
0	some things can never be made simple.
0	let's bring some callers into the conversation.
0	and so i'm a big mac fan.
0	you were a solid middle class citizen.
0	i feel that he's done really well.
0	and how did you prove them wrong?
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	they compare it with the movie stars.
0	you have this idea of american decline.
0	so yeah there's always a teaching moment.
0	so we'll do whatever   we can do.
0	brian naylor npr news the white house.
0	for npr news this is jody avirgan.
0	thousands of others are doing the same.
0	i want them to go to college.
0	well actually it's not that easy lynn.
0	not a sure sign of superior intellect.
0	you get to send and receive email.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and more people need to demand it.
0	wouldn't it be easier for you then?
0	do we know howard where syphilis originated?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	yes i'm talking about racial minorities here.
0	well there's a bunch of steps there.
0	he joins us by phone from paris.
0	you know if we could we would.
0	so ruhlman pours in half the custard.
0	always has his eye on the ball.
0	i mean give them a good education.
0	so we just decided you know what?
0	well for me that was really fascinating.
0	they've always paid their bills on time.
0	that's because she knows she's being watched.
0	i don't really identify with governor romney.
0	kodish is at the cleveland clinic foundation.
0	you don't use narration in this film.
0	that word isn't even in our vocabulary.
0	eh that's what super bowls are for.
0	people wonder why these charges why now?
0	those are william faulkner's glasses right there.
0	he said we did accidentally one time.
0	should i save it for last then?
0	incredibly short-sighted as far as i'm concerned.
0	i will tell you that is huge.
0	you know they don't make specific recommendations.
0	when he's done he'll resell the house.
0	so they are part of that institution.
0	oh you really have to watch that.
0	and it was a real virtuous cycle.
0	well we have a lot going on.
0	it's funny stuff to look at now.
0	in fact the estimate is $107 billion.
0	where will the winds take him next?
0	they get more money fighting for isis.
0	so we have a lot of those.
0	and so they looked for alternative ways.
0	i believe it is a selling point.
0	and they found the body of zarqawi.
0	was this a winter composition for you?
0	that's where they catch up on gossip.
0	an ambulance rushed didi to a hospital.
0	it is a strategic move by israel.
0	i barack hussein obama do solemnly swear.
0	i want to leave us enough time.
0	but kemp says there are bright spots.
0	yes and what's the synonym of flogging?
0	they're looking for specific people specific brands.
0	there's a lot of consensus big picture.
0	he joins us now from new york.
0	that goes live on thursday at nprmusic.
0	yeah you don't say anything about me.
0	npr's michele kelemen brings us his story.
0	jim thanks very much for the call.
0	her parents were born in zacatecas mexico.
0	bernie sanders is not saying he's sorry.
0	she says saturdays now feel very different.
0	last year five times that number applied.
0	it was good to have you all.
0	yeah that is exactly what i'm saying.
0	you never know what's going to happen.
0	i don't try to ignore the music.
0	but she's you know she's a miracle.
0	and they would just suffer in silence.
0	i don't think it affects me though.
0	the routine was very important to him.
0	no i think it'd be hard today.
0	the republicans would get a little breather.
0	congress stopped liking it quite so much.
0	why are you doing this he asked.
0	rob gifford npr news shenzhen southern china.
0	lots of other firms do as well.
0	i mean what draws you to that?
0	what let's go to the short question.
0	and we sang for the local politicians.
0	and and what about the civil libertarians?
0	he was replaced by the islamic government.
0	do you expect that to come up?
0	the administration is in a bind here.
0	you'd probably set up a little committee.
0	not all at least not right now.
0	that said there's definitely frustration over iraq.
0	it's just really this may sound funny.
0	the officer administered four field sobriety tests.
0	police and government did nothing until now.
0	because dopamine is a very well-known chemical.
0	let me know how you two are.
0	so say you have a new office.
0	it's there's a lot of funny notions.
0	the economy added 162,000 jobs in july.
0	let's go to bill in wayne pennsylvania.
0	or language you have jamaican-americans nigerian-americans haitian-americans.
0	hiv infection undermines people's defenses against tb.
0	start in   the busy physical therapy room.
0	so but he didn't know anything either.
0	but i went to this city nearby.
0	he is giving him environmental law advice.
0	sandy hausman of member station wvtf explains.
0	i was the youngest of 10 children.
0	the next year it's a little worse.
0	and i knew him nearly 50 years.
0	that they feel touches on both hands.
0	ward connerly thank you for joining us.
0	it's about grievance in the republican base.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i think that the reason is twofold.
0	if you're from chicago you should know.
0	they're not occurring in the communities yet.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	i am baron cynred of gwent yes.
0	it's a great pleasure to be here.
0	and so we'll just have to see.
0	we are as a nation truly interdependent.
0	nonetheless our interests there were quite unambiguous.
0	president nixon who later resigned in disgrace.
0	gilliam also works with paper pleating it.
0	let's move on to the immigration bill.
0	or you can call toll free 888-577-9977.
0	chris on the line from ames iowa.
0	gangs do not work in the military.
0	how can we not get that done?
0	their earnings were about 10 percent higher.
0	do you remember who you wrote today?
0	it's hard to believe it's 50 years.
0	so they're like anchor points or something.
0	they don't really haveexcuse mehave an agenda.
0	all right liza levy from paris kentucky.
0	heretofore they've been locked out of it.
0	but where do you find those cuts?
0	you think the electoral college should stay?
0	it's misunderstanding the way an economy works.
0	that story was produced with elizabeth meister.
0	time in terms of centuries or more.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	how many more do we have will?
0	california state officials are fighting the complaint.
0	somebody with a hockey mask on yeah.
0	she says saturdays now feel very different.
0	you just say why do you ask?
0	the butterball thanksgiving hotline for rollie users.
0	so there's a lot to go around.
0	the voice of the vice president there.
0	daniel franklin executive editor of the economist.
0	there's a cheery christmas note for you.
0	and half of that is for defense.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	what role does government need to play?
0	turkey is going to be our ally.
0	but the democrats have an uphill battle.
0	the students were charged with sexual assault.
0	and there's nothing more rewarding than that.
0	sister frances carr is   the village eldress.
0	well mr. passantino thank you so much.
0	i want to ask about the senate.
0	that's a funny story that she has.
0	and that's pretty much exactly what happened.
0	again it's elementary schools versus law school.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	well quentin burdick was in the senate.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	i'm struck what you said right there.
0	you know i would talk to people.
0	jean is with us from wilmington delaware.
0	tell us more about the history here.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	and that was just a daily conflict.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	right exactly yeah something along those lines.
0	so yes it's a very bland flavor.
0	we just sort of withdrew within ourselves.
0	akashi says they arrived late that night.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	conservatives said greece belongs to the west.
0	it's a very hard question to answer.
0	so and you kind of feel embarrassed.
0	two have ruled that this was unconstitutional.
0	and i was panicking about that time.
0	where is president bush in all this?
0	well that's the question of the moment.
0	thank you so much for calling andrea.
0	well he is a famous animal lover.
0	the page described the actual haymarket bombing.
0	that's what threw pritchard alabama into bankruptcy.
0	well that was jimmi some exchange there.
0	negotiations with the military have led nowhere.
0	send your comments to the blog npr.
0	we're going to eradicate the bad things.
0	there's plenty of shocking things going down.
0	the kids are asking some tough questions.
0	speech is protected in the united states.
0	but first the man behind the man.
0	we do interventions we do citizen's arrests.
0	senator barack obama what is his keystone?
0	we've got to get credit flowing again.
0	that's philip beam a third-generation kentucky farmer.
0	you'd be given the abuse deterrent pill.
0	it was really really clear you know?
0	teresa jones drives the 110 from englewood.
0	remember we're no different than anyone else.
0	is that what the polls are showing?
0	it's not necessarily a ticket to employment.
0	those people might have to be relocated.
0	those two things can't be knit together.
0	npr's eyder peralta reporting from harare zimbabwe.
0	this other center-of-gravity idea would be what?
0	but i think you need the audience.
0	yeah and it was worse than that.
0	he's a liberal republican defeated in 2006.
0	i want to talk about the infidelity.
0	hyderabad is a city on the march.
0	but other proposals give rural advocates pause.
0	and we use to have these debates.
0	we've got people who say civil war.
0	victor davis hanson we're glad you recovered.
0	do they now use this equipment regularly?
0	urban gardening is growing around the country.
0	it's a nature journal called la hulotte.
0	you hear the sirens through the speakerphone.
0	lynn yes i did have a son.
0	can he succeed in afghanistan and pakistan?
0	registered means registered by the united nations.
0	from member station wunc rusty jacobs reports.
0	well this is a whole different level.
0	not very well thank you very much.
0	what she meant was lack of input.
0	mcsally has conceded and congratulated her opponent.
0	he's editor of the newsletter africa confidential.
0	maybe that's why i identify with him.
0	i think that would be really interesting.
0	rick perry is doing that as well.
0	in portuguese joao grande means big john.
0	it will also allow grow operations downtown.
0	and so it was a big item.
0	leonard spencer may well deny knowing him.
0	that to me is a greek tragedy.
0	jack jumping is not without some controversy.
0	it sells shirts scarves cups and jewelry.
0	you've raised an unfortunate example there afghanistan.
0	thank you for having me here today.
0	we saw soldiers hitting people with sticks.
0	i'm getting ready to graduate this year.
0	there is no diplomatic solution to this.
0	south carolina public radio's alexandra olgin reports.
0	and it's not just a style standard.
0	she was not required to do that.
0	we are a frontline state against terrorism.
0	and that's really a   matter of training.
0	they've began to criminalize activists and organizers.
0	this is danica mckellar who's with us.
0	i go to the university of delaware.
0	npr legal affairs correspondent nina   totenberg reports.
0	we thank her for sharing her story.
0	so i would say it helps him.
0	yeah the state of inventories are ok.
0	how many people live in this patio?
0	let's talk basketball for a few minutes.
0	technically like i don't own the farm.
0	i had that back-to-school feeling she says.
0	well i don't know about the cats.
0	we just immediately talked the same language.
0	but then we need to be practical.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	you're going to be set for life.
0	so you might want to rethink that.
0	i was roughing the past here obviously.
0	well it's beyond libby though that way.
0	it's hard to know where to begin.
0	let's begin this conversation with the present.
0	obviously things have worked out pretty well.
0	some others have cars patrols motorized patrols.
0	there's been a frightening difference this year.
0	so it's all the context of use.
0	but i do want to say goodbye.
0	and of course some   gossip is negative.
0	and that's sort of it with poinsettia.
0	and that's exactly what the people did.
0	so saving in time feels really good.
0	and that looks like what is happening.
0	speaking with us from france spike lee.
0	there's a great program at vanderbilt university.
0	i have got a group of friends.
0	because i hadn't even thought of that.
0	i mean i think it's very clear.
0	i can no longer see you suffer.
0	congress passes laws the president vetoes them.
0	what attracted you to doing it now?
0	we never had a discussion like that.
0	our number here in washington is 1-800-989-8255.
0	we're all just here enjoying each other.
0	this is what jacksonian democracy was about.
0	well a butt is a butt okay?
0	vermont's commissioner of tourism and marketing disagrees.
0	well i guess i get to answer.
0	and joining us now is dr. najeeb.
0	and that's all part of the complexity.
0	it certainly does make it more difficult.
0	you refused to serve in the military.
0	this dole-shalala report came out in july.
0	you put an emoji next to it.
0	what does that say about the electorate?
0	it's all i know how to do.
0	there's been more violence since the bombing.
0	it's an online store based in arizona.
0	should i offer you congratulations or condolences?
0	and he joined us from wdet detroit.
0	handel had a huge crowd as well.
0	his most recent book is intelligence matters.
0	i think my job is more important.
0	cavanaugh says she'll never try salvia again.
0	thank you very much for your call.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	let's look back to the year 2000.
0	this is a really really cool band.
0	a little bit like that yeah yeah.
0	what happens as a result of that?
0	and robert you live in new york.
0	but that's not originally how it's scripted.
0	i refuse to graduate from anywhere else.
0	does it manifest differently in older people?
0	greg welcome to talk of the nation.
0	i think the party would welcome it.
0	well dale price of american fork utah.
0	but certainly i mean you mentioned regional.
0	thanks so much for having me ari.
0	and i asked him to please stop.
0	he heads human rights watch in lebanon.
0	they're adding to it color and texture.
0	and i   just wanted to provide that.
0	they didn't want to talk about it.
0	before she was pretty bubbly and outgoing.
0	and i see that in this president.
0	and the truth is that was effective.
0	so we certainly have to do better.
0	darren thanks very much for the call.
0	donald trump wants to put america first.
0	no one's tracking you on the cellphone.
0	we know that a hospital was evacuated.
0	all right thank you for that question.
0	but sonia let me ask you first.
0	so this is what's to be expected.
0	and he'll do all the elections coverage.
0	are you feeling like you're in withdrawal?
0	and   that's exactly what this is about.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	could have gotten into real trouble now.
0	and that's what happened 15 years ago.
0	welcome back to the program dr. petroski.
0	right we were very clear about that.
0	and let me steer over to guantanamo.
0	that is basically to look for cures.
0	i suspect it's not just me but.
0	and trust me i can do it.
0	he was a police officer in 1967.
0	giraldo's step teammates have their own struggles.
0	and again those budgets are coming down.
0	sudan has refused to hand them over.
0	we now go to our next guest.
0	i think we   can do better there.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and he says refuse to be hid.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	why was detroit so intense so different?
0	but could it get to that point?
0	those doubts have not surfaced so far.
0	she says this is what's at stake.
0	giotto painted here and galileo taught mathematics.
0	now by the way it's 578 billion.
0	here's an e-mail from carla in arizona.
0	this freedom written here freedom for libya.
0	idle no more was born last fall.
0	i think my calls are being intercepted.
0	you asked whether it's forced our hand.
0	okay well these are all euphemisms then.
0	you got some really impressive company there.
0	shankar vedantam is npr's social science correspondent.
0	but again we're resilient hardworking blue-collar folks.
0	it's something that controls it you know?
0	analysts say all this marks a shift.
0	and they don't even greet each other.
0	now it could go up to 10,000?
0	what program is going to be cut?
0	and he had a one-word answer:   innovation.
0	hundreds have skipped their lunches in protest.
0	that prompted other people to come forward.
0	is this departure damaging for the company?
0	you cover the problems that can exist.
0	but many students get far more creative.
0	he's a professor of marketing and psychology.
0	no i did not find him lazy.
0	mccullagh is chief political correspondent for news.
0	james is calling us from columbus ohio.
0	workers in missouri chicago and washington state.
0	so what is the latest on that?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	why would anyone cheat on a mooc?
0	get up and let's write our song.
0	but they should be at large scale.
0	she would forget to pack my lunch.
0	she picked us up late at school.
0	china is confronting its own security challenges.
0	they said it's unrealistic to deport them.
0	so it just fell in my lap.
0	people really are focused on the election.
0	we're just negotiating with ourselves right now.
0	and i got some very thoughtful responses.
0	and rachel it was all about trade.
0	and i got my voice much lower.
0	can we get them on the track?
0	both words start with the same letter.
0	he's the washington correspondent for seed magazine.
0	and there are two more games tonight.
0	he took them on clearly very squarely.
0	transition can take many forms baker says.
0	they've lost advertisers to a large extent.
0	i understand you saw him vote today.
0	it was on the way to school.
0	france was on the cusp of revolution.
0	i can't wait to see the movie.
0	and we think the immigrants deserve respect.
0	macarthur wanted to use them in korea.
0	people say do you miss the hill?
0	she joins us today from her office.
0	you can find their reports at npr.
0	what do we know about this situation?
0	and that was ultimately a political mission.
0	we'll get to that in a moment.
0	there's a significant impact on the soldiers.
0	phil thanks very much for the call.
0	of course that's a faux gold pin.
0	i've got a question for your guest.
0	so describe an average day for you.
0	and i we seem to be fighting.
0	we're going to take some calls now.
0	today marc stepp is 90 years old.
0	nice of you to be with us.
0	some of these are from right-wing threats.
0	the target was the magazine charlie hebdo.
0	and it's becoming more of the norm.
0	our sedentary lifestyles are a big factor.
0	somebody's coming to get you on friday.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	this is the size of vatican city.
0	just about the entire government is represented.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	so ira that's where we got stuck.
0	but proposition 200 was just the start.
0	and little has been done for them.
0	so again 65 minus 43 equals 21.
0	remember john mccain's amendment on   that subject.
0	i was at his house last thanksgiving.
0	tarantula spiders are quite worried about falling.
0	we have to cut the conversation short.
0	well not all the kids do that.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	she continued within the same 10-mile radius.
0	oh mama she could play those cards.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	i believe we're talking about walter reed.
0	our group was mostly in their 30s.
0	i had my keys in my hand.
0	but who'd ever want to wake up.
0	we're not just talking about phone chargers.
0	that's a significant hit that they absorb.
0	i'm so full i can't say nothing.
0	congressman lamar smith is a texas republican.
0	there's no relaxing in the living room.
0	i won't go into the whole thing.
0	sixty-five minus 43 equals 22 not 21.
0	and i don't know it was interesting.
0	there maybe some way to do it.
0	all right you've got three layers here.
0	she chose to be in pain instead.
0	they're going after soft democrats and independents.
0	these are women who have college degrees.
0	eventually he landed in baltimore in 1801.
0	now this is where opinion comes in.
0	but they didn't tell me about that.
0	the police are allowed to kill you.
0	early on i didn't even see color.
0	but this is the conflict of interest.
0	i know it's really it's really disturbing.
0	he is more dangerous than bin laden.
0	the man was talking about his grandfather.
0	he has been elected for second term.
0	everyone wants to plant soybeans she says.
0	and went ahead and bought the house.
0	how is the issue playing out there?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	ira saw three emigrants restock large wands.
0	i would like to see everything green.
0	thanks very much for the call andy.
0	julie mccarthy npr news rio de janeiro.
0	so we've come a long way down.
0	larry thanks very much for the call.
0	he's   got one implanted under his skin.
0	the man in the chair was acting.
0	some   drivers now recognize that as well.
0	we reached npr's ofeibea quist-arcton for more.
0	they're things that you enjoy doing sometimes.
0	good news for women and their wages.
0	one particularly tense place is ciudad juarez.
0	do you know where alice is now?
0	m.j. sent us this note from colorado.
0	so you were on a reporting assignment.
0	you'll need them one day you know.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	there are a lot of children here.
0	the president asked us too she says.
0	and we need to reach these people.
0	i worked with them back in 1987.
0	a victims' fund has been set up.
0	he was with us from new york.
0	you're welcome to come back home anytime.
0	thanks very much for joining us today.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	you'll kind of go through like that.
0	for npr news this is sheryl rich-kern.
0	i'm not sharing this branch with anybody.
0	i was kind of fascinated by that.
0	this will be his last belmont stakes.
0	tom robertson of minnesota public radio reports.
0	this isn't exactly advice and consent though.
0	the law firm's books never showed it.
0	you can't report anything bad about us.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	they want to go wherever they want.
0	we're joined now by npr's tom goldman.
0	who do you gossip about and why?
0	holden welcome to talk of the nation.
0	they were talking about crisis and epidemic.
0	the washington post biography of donald trump.
0	lebanon also abstained in that particular vote.
0	i challenge you to make any intelligent.
0	this is in the early 17th century.
0	a lot of people are feeling upset.
0	exactly on the tarmac in new jersey.
0	well they of course could be better.
0	we'll put it on our web site.
0	fitzgerald says we're already seeing the consequences.
0	accidents are rare but can be costly.
0	so that's kind of how he works.
0	he stays on message especially after this.
0	you couldn't turn on the tv etc.
0	edith lee payne still lives in detroit.
0	and of course many are still missing.
0	they're different societies different backgrounds different languages.
0	that's where the federal government comes in.
0	this year we beat on the door.
0	he said i don't encourage or discourage.
0	congressman frost i wanted to thank you.
0	st. louis has a very balanced lineup.
0	and i wanted to ask about that.
0	that's pretty fast as legislative work goes.
0	three-quarters of wyoming's cleanup costs are self-bonded.
0	yeah well i've got a life now.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	and no one ever spoke about it.
0	you see where republican presidential candidates are?
0	you're saying that just empowers the bully.
0	yes certainly i do pick my studies.
0	there is yeah a very fine line.
0	he brought the republican party's energy message.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	well today is in fact your birthday.
0	for more we're joined by tim storey.
0	we're not spending as much people want.
0	they've have success here in the past.
0	and we're going to introduce legislation jose.
0	peanuts paste was sold to food manufacturers.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	what do we know about his situation?
0	and we begin with a trivia question.
0	have five to six individuals with ak-47s.
0	the russians have killed people in dubai.
0	so right now i'm rooting for him.
0	nice to have you with us again.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	he competed in the beijing olympic games.
0	you're getting taxed up the wazoo so.
0	elizabeth samet teaches english at west point.
0	but that's fairly it for the exception.
0	what else should we know about him?
0	we've seen the story play out before.
0	you have that sort of immediate activation.
0	you were actually malnourished at one point.
0	yes the first one was in 2000.
0	who are the bottom five and why?
0	there's no question that failed its job.
0	because you were leaving your life behind?
0	not so with the mortgage backed securities.
0	that's the mel gibson movie from 2004.
0	so this is a better-for-you junk food.
0	amy isackson of member station kpbs reports.
0	jon thanks so much for joining us.
0	you know they're good for people's lives.
0	they drafted people occasionally suspended habeas corpus.
0	michigan joins florida to quash a revote.
0	you got your water hot he asked.
0	and what kind of plane was this?
0	from albert goodenough he got maple shavings.
0	khouri gives us an example of this.
0	you know it's like catching a cold.
0	it almost puts tears in your eyes.
0	yes lots of firing lots of explosions.
0	you know pawlenty was never the front-runner.
0	sarah has lived here all her life.
0	you can check it out at npr.
0	my name is clah-dia de la vega.
0	claudia's andrea's older sister and her roommate.
0	but what if you want to move?
0	we'll see what happens after the book.
0	he breaks out the handsaw and snap.
0	it's a particularly terrible way to die.
0	both sides are predicting a close vote.
0	santa barbara is reopening the desalination plant.
0	hopefully they'll get the timing just right.
0	the translation is provided by the bbc.
0	you mind if i call you sheila?
0	but it's a matter of economics now.
0	thank you glad to be with you.
0	and they went 60 percent for obama.
0	christopher norgren was 31 from wichita kan.
0	was this an attempt to stay sane?
0	he's the hero in whom we believe.
0	i claim that they should be supported.
0	dahlia lithwick is legal analyst with slate.
0	mario always good to talk with you.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	it can't be any plainer than that.
0	well we've sent them up to barrow.
0	they are still being held by militants.
0	i want to just stop things up.
0	so what are this week's best games?
0	they got clobbered last week didn't they?
0	i mean we are not that concerned.
0	i had less than 20 percent involvement.
0	i'm going to be an artist man.
0	and my sister tiffany was tweeting me.
0	and that's not clear at this point.
0	what happens next is far from clear.
0	you know it's part of the game.
0	that would constitute genuine leadership in congress.
0	peter thanks much for talking with us.
0	and that's the backdrop of these windows.
0	npr white house correspondent tamara keith reports.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so i went to the second mortuary.
0	it's at the top of every page.
0	you can melt it on some toast.
0	what's the situation there in los angeles?
0	i mean it looks like dog food.
0	i think the internet's a valuable tool.
0	you know we actually had pizzas ordered.
0	it drove him out of the house.
0	i mean can't someone be honest and.
0	and with this president it's not   warranted.
0	she wanted to make a political statement.
0	and what goes on in watchful waiting?
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	the bartender says why the long face?
0	the contraception provision was one of them.
0	but again mass shootings are pretty rare.
0	fans love pushing performances to the edge.
0	and sometimes you crash it's your fault.
0	then the show cuts straight to this.
0	stephen askins is a british maritime lawyer.
0	how do you make sense of this?
0	the economic downturn has not spared attorneys.
0	we lived right they lived right there.
0	and it leads though to another question.
0	i feel like they've been pretty forthright.
0	they did drugs or something else illegal.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	john thanks very much for that call.
0	when it snows it starts to melt.
0	sharfstein says he's seen one   worrisome sign.
0	and it's not because they're bad people.
0	lots of things happened in the '60s.
0	how did you ever deal with that?
0	i want you on those days too.
0	it's a tremendous opportunity to be here.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	so we continue to advocate for resources.
0	most are in their 30s and 40s.
0	that's not how the defense wanted it.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	i didn't have a lot of structure.
0	hi i'm ben and i'm a gamer.
0	we shouldn't be the party of millionaires.
0	sophia vassalou is willing to try anything.
0	darren on the line from st. louis.
0	it would not take much at all.
0	we're going to go now to martha.
0	well the words are queasy and uneasy.
0	i thought that was a fascinating point.
0	they go wow we hit the jackpot.
0	this day to day i'm madeleine brand.
0	because that's two sources they see it.
0	she was first and foremost a journalist.
0	the bilaterals have done a better job.
0	cassell doesn't want to let them down.
0	i mean everybody knows that it's painful.
0	i ain't got a problem with that.
0	chris kelsey is the town's tax assessor.
0	it was a nightmare for the children.
0	ford's new trucks get better gas mileage.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	their father is murdered by federal militia.
0	morgan freeman gives us this what-if scenario?
0	the most immediate one is the smallest.
0	i really don't care what it is.
0	thanks very much for the call michael.
0	that's coming courtesy of some local politicians.
0	put them together one after the other.
0	i looked like howard hughes checking in.
0	and they had a really good time.
0	i lived next to them you know.
0	regulators may also have played a role.
0	but it's isaac who drives the story.
0	did i do something to deserve this?
0	i call it a knee-jerk reaction ok?
0	well the same thing with ray charles.
0	but walter freeman refused to let go.
0	how much of it is your memory?
0	he's living now in the united states.
0	ayesha is 29 years old and sick.
0	she has two degrees in music education.
0	the senate has quite a week ahead.
0	you know there is no fixed timeline.
0	the recorder stopped a few seconds later.
0	that's don borelli former fbi special agent.
0	how has this worked for your family?
0	he can be bull headed and violent.
0	and you know he's not the first.
0	it doesn't come from anywhere does it?
0	tell us about his race on tuesday.
0	you shot it in how many days?
0	what if these headaches were from meningitis?
0	but he washis   lived a semihermetic life.
0	do you think she gives good advice?
0	and i'm liam moriarty in ashland ore.
0	but lathan doesn't see it that way.
0	tester's victory is still not quite guaranteed.
0	we'll call you if you're the winner.
0	that's senator chuck grassley republican of iowa.
0	we're not talking about those pear-shaped bulbs.
0	thank you ira   and hello npr network.
0	but so far nobody has been caught.
0	no one has been prosecuted for it.
0	i get the calls about the streets.
0	its pastoral campus couldn't be more different.
0	ahmed abdelal is the provost at umass-lowell.
0	i don't think it's likely to renee.
0	in fact it could be a   showstopper.
0	chuck steidel is an astronomer at caltech.
0	what's wrong with the other 11 months?
0	i said name a major american company.
0	so tank i'm looking for room 2111.
0	most of the meetings are in english.
0	and canada is that a link here?
0	they don't tell us where it is.
0	i mean his own wife owned slaves.
0	and so what was his big blunder?
0	it's called the urban   video game academy.
0	if you build it they will come.
0	we don't use it in highway paving.
0	it's being used all over the place.
0	rails have like a rasping wheezy noise.
0	convention planners are monitoring the situation closely.
0	a lot of people don't realize it.
0	well let's call it what it is.
0	we actually get this immigration reform done.
0	and so afterwards fishburne invited me backstage.
0	i'm a child 1 of 7 children.
0	where steven is sharp jeffrey is easy.
0	what are they going to be doing?
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	i thought it was a terrific film.
0	samuel jackson battles snakes on a plane.
0	after that it was back to exile.
0	we're trying to do this and that.
0	they were very very beautifully painted frescoes.
0	well you don't have the same vision.
0	that actually gives the republicans some leverage.
0	well first there's the sound of it.
0	how does that change the stunt job?
0	and they pointed to the shenandoah mountains.
0	it's part of what keeps   us alive.
0	so if you did a stomach drop.
0	this after all is a statewide race.
0	but who was he according to authorities?
0	and how do we define this split?
0	i did dedicate it to dan quayle.
0	i don't want to talk about it.
0	you appeared in movies with a chimp.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i'm honest i'm not a card guy.
0	to vogel that seems like a lot.
0	so that's a very very nice application.
0	she doesn't want to get back home.
0	how long have you been farming tobacco?
0	he's kind of like a lovable uncle.
0	why shouldn't the republicans do the same?
0	you know it's one shot one kill.
0	and rob's calling us from san francisco.
0	so i got really close to it.
0	so it's a give-and-take in the middle.
0	but it's often last hired first fired.
0	you're not make choices on their behalf.
0	i believe that they can do it.
0	it's not going to block the virus.
0	we appreciate your time today as well.
0	two hundred job openings and no luck.
0	marquez says there are other perks too.
0	you know that may be the case.
0	but first the trade in looted antiquities.
0	he promised he would get us out.
0	what exactly do they have to do?
0	he led people in the wrong direction.
0	well i've talked to several lawyers today.
0	she's got a tablet computer with her.
0	one guy was dressed as alexander hamilton.
0	they had a bunch of dead tops.
0	it is our government emphasis on our.
0	npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson is in cairo.
0	you hang out in the gay districts.
0	that's about to change later this year.
0	but you're giving away food he said.
0	now that's true what i just said.
0	all eyes are on barbaro and pimilico.
0	i am like any of the teenagers.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so i'm kind of procrastinating here so.
0	and continue with your high frequency access.
0	what would that mean a military intervention?
0	tell us about how the morning went.
0	thank you madeleine happy to be here.
0	up next new york's controversial stop-and-frisk program.
0	i knew what she was talking about.
0	orphan drug does not apply to antibacterials.
0	joel thanks very much for the call.
0	and that was a lot of fun.
0	they had nothing to do with him.
0	honestly i never even registered for classes.
0	these two pretty girls are standing there.
0	i think that would be correct yeah.
0	i could never do that at home.
0	maryn can you chime in on this?
0	no they would not cooperate with me.
0	what's the best mechanism to do that?
0	would complicate other areas of the relationship?
0	we haven't seen it close up yet.
0	you know these the rovers are precious.
0	here's stephen nessen of member station wnyc.
0	did you hear that mothers of america?
0	and i beat him in five events.
0	there are big holes in the ceiling.
0	this is the description from his book.
0	cherilyn devries is with love lives here.
0	we have to push it back on.
0	michael hirsh is senior editor at newsweek.
0	yes it's the bank of america tower.
0	in 2016 he worked for bernie sanders.
0	you need to become a better person.
0	there's a new option for your future.
0	that was the moment the earthquake hit.
0	is selling native american art a requirement?
0	thomas atwood and adam pertman stand by.
0	what would you pair with robert's saying?
0	i just can't seem to help myself.
0	and maria sharapova is also still in.
0	he couldn't find the name of it.
0	dick described the hold song as haunting.
0	he won't even accept gifts of tickets.
0	and it's going to continue through tuesday.
0	and actually i went to another group.
0	i thought they were all lessons frankly.
0	she had the address 50th and ashland.
0	so i'm like do they do battle?
0	and what did her former employer say?
0	they don't really want to get clean.
0	the situation is getting very very dire.
0	is he getting the tier one athletes?
0	then he caught me totally off guard.
0	yeah you're feeling better about yourself now?
0	but it hasn't always been that way.
0	here's the most understandable thing he said.
0	but i can watch it a lot.
0	first of all if he wakes up.
0	you know you mention buddhism in passing.
0	there are two kinds: stimulated and unstimulated.
0	have you picked up women with it?
0	it's time that kind of nonsense stops.
0	do you have your book with you?
0	it's really about money and violent crime.
0	but that by itself was not enough.
0	and i think that's a bogus idea.
0	and then we encapsulate that with silicon.
0	we're checking our list checking it twice.
0	why does that feel right to you?
0	what's your brother greg doing these days?
0	they can become and kind cell to.
0	here it is if you missed it.
0	take note- auntie's english wasn't very good.
0	oklahoma's had universal pre-k for two decades.
0	the program has effectively been suspended right?
0	i've found it to be an asset.
0	wood has started a new job there.
0	he let our friend out right away.
0	i wanted to feel angry at her.
0	oh i'm working undercover against the mafia.
0	but is the technology really there yet?
0	what do you think happened to her?
0	from new york npr's joel rose reports.
0	you heard this screaming yelling fire fire.
0	but then we discovered another wrinkle right?
0	no. he hasn't weighed in at all.
0	hernandez says now it's just pure happiness.
0	shops and businesses were looted and trashed.
0	for now the law remains in effect.
0	but two government corruption is so bad.
0	including my own trips because i will.
0	were you feeling mad at the baby?
0	i didn't want all that to happen.
0	npr's wade goodwyn reports from tahlequah okla.
0	oh you've got to let me respond.
0	how can you bring them here unnoticed?
0	art welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and yes i'm going to go there.
0	and this is science friday from npr.
0	they've all been preparing for this day.
0	we're trying to make sense of something.
0	and gina haspel she helped lead it.
0	so let's talk about the president's criticism.
0	he is not happy with john mccain.
0	by 3:30 melissa had a strange feeling.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	and obviously you can't do that overnight.
0	some of them have u.s. citizen children.
0	that's moufac harb al hurra's news director.
0	they valued honesty to an extreme extent.
0	but that's where the diversions diverge steve.
0	they have many tools at their disposal.
0	egypt's focus would be on domestic threats.
0	and so there is excitement about obama.
0	as for whether he's now better off.
0	and i like the idea of pursuit.
0	he tends to fly off the handle.
0	but i'm not sure people know that.
0	it doesn't mean they want them parent.
0	again the name home of the brave.
0	and we get our binoculars on it.
0	and then of course there's the bends.
0	senator sununu thank you for your time.
0	and then no one can afford it.
0	here's npr national political correspondent don gonyea.
0	in fact the number is shockingly low.
0	there's just like there isn't the subway.
0	that is a straw man that argument.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	nice to talk to you again senator.
0	one shot back to work problem solved.
0	and now a murder mystery of sorts.
0	but who knows if i really am.
0	the whole pitch still makes me queasy.
0	let me ask both of you briefly.
0	canadian and american players the european players.
0	in fact i'm using it right now.
0	i feel like i'm just faking it.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	so first attempt we're 0 for one.
0	it's a good thing for south carolina.
0	there are no human rights in zimbabwe.
0	how does a child realize they're gay?
0	this surprised me the pragmatism of it.
0	that to me is something entirely different.
0	you know can we handle it all?
0	i wanted to first just find him.
0	he says the rescue was absolutely necessary.
0	he did some radio stories in english.
0	that's one way to describe them yes.
0	hang like a helicopter and coolidge's successor.
0	i mean the process right now works.
0	npr's allison aubrey wanted to find out.
0	i'm going to leave you with this.
0	i understand he wasn't the first choice.
0	with these new advanced services it's two-way.
0	harold ford of course not a winner.
0	kidnappings are common in iraq these days.
0	there were so many anchors for me.
0	that's not true with bitcoins at all.
0	hey what's wrong annabelle bad test result?
0	and i was like oh my god!
0	especially when he was in death row.
0	he's with us from la mesa calif.
0	all this is bearable because it's temporary.
0	political junkies may recall her real name.
0	dr. wasim hassan is with me here.
0	he was a high school science teacher.
0	it's the same answer the same response.
0	that is definitely siouxsie and the banshees.
0	tom strikes out the third guy comes.
0	and it's the best stuff out there.
0	and do you know his real name?
0	now another multibillion dollar deficit is projected.
0	well i mean that was the trick.
0	it changed me all for the better.
0	just put a key in and go.
0	andrea cambridge is a blonde burlesque dancer.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	and the point of this is being?
0	why did you cover the debate team?
0	this was just a totally new experience.
0	dave thanks very much for the call.
0	dave with us from timonium in maryland.
0	and this is the new libyan reality.
0	abdi says he knows how they feel.
0	we think our revolution is being hijacked.
0	goes-13 did go out several weeks ago.
0	there are some you know definitely reforms.
0	even there's no street light here now.
0	just come and you will be safe.
0	that was telling us quite a bit.
0	here's univision news anchor maria elena salinas.
0	the problem is some of their neighbors.
0	npr decided not to post that publicly.
0	she didn't know why people were applauding.
0	and then all three of them laugh.
0	so he arranged it parent trap style.
0	well it could've been the puffy shirt.
0	he said it was a horrible day.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	choi had been there for a while.
0	npr's karen grisby bates has that story.
0	and from the start workers were skeptical.
0	you know it sounds like a lot.
0	i would be happy to do that.
0	the leak was coming from underground pipes.
0	this was supposed to be a mismatch.
0	the book is alternately shticky and profound.
0	elna baker scouts stories for our show.
0	we didn't have any direct communication no.
0	he said though they are from iraq.
0	we go into a mode of suppression.
0	i assumed it was fear of litigation.
0	like my family my mother loves me.
0	they haven't changed back 200 days later.
0	get grandmother in there get grandma everybody.
0	we don't believe that that's the case.
0	that first meeting was five years ago.
0	some of his legacy is about policy.
0	democrats had fdr conservatives have ronald reagan.
0	he won the election in a landslide.
0	they were ashamed of it i guess.
0	people were shocked and angry and despairing.
0	yes it's been very very religious language.
0	i've met with most of their parents.
0	the lynching he says was reported worldwide.
0	sadc is the south african development committee.
0	celia colleen so when did you know?
0	alexa set a timer for eight minutes.
0	apparently neither of those things ever happens.
0	wethere's no title ix in our sport.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	thanks very much for the call janet.
0	these lists come out all the time.
0	howard berkes npr news terre haute indiana.
0	they were things that i read about.
0	there are other parallels with national sentiment.
0	the barge tried to go to mexico.
0	elna baker scouts stories for our show.
0	so what do you think so far?
0	so why don't we have one here?
0	especially there's a street here called hobby.
0	i didn't find much in my house.
0	that's npr's susan davis on capitol hill.
0	it's not never again for jews only.
0	you're on the phone on the radio.
0	of course we want violence to end.
0	thanks very much and continued good luck.
0	it's an exciting week to be swedish.
0	but now scientists have a new tool.
0	it's now where they make the tesla.
0	npr's uri berliner helped us edit it.
0	hi oh i got this great story.
0	so jeff let me start with you.
0	the police is around the camp also.
0	you flip your pillow over each time.
0	i always liked red sheets something bright.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	i stopped doing what i was doing.
0	there's all this other stuff going on.
0	the strategy worked giving him a boost.
0	i certainly didn't do this all myself.
0	they've taken this on as their own.
0	and that's where the challenge will be.
0	and i will get back to him.
0	it's been pretty high drama all week.
0	sadr as i said is in iran.
0	and he made up this to-do list.
0	coming up- lying your way through college.
0	i mean let's do the math here.
0	so we're just over one year old.
0	eva longoria was in front of me.
0	we're not a washington insider you know?
0	and she tried to do some things.
0	now when i went to animal humane.
0	it causes a disease known as mers.
0	jessamyn hates feeling like she's lost control.
0	in the end they're all we have.
0	that power dynamic is important to recognize.
0	and people in south carolina watch debates.
0	you talked about the tappan zee bridge.
0	i am very loyal to the clintons.
0	i'm a college student balancing three jobs.
0	it's about iran and it's about israel.
0	now why do you suppose that is?
0	at last somebody thinks i'm a god.
0	they were a huge issue last   year.
0	i think it should be relatively painless.
0	and that worries me a great deal.
0	this is his and her first win.
0	and elna and she are close now.
0	brian you cover opioid litigation for npr.
0	somehow it's good for your teeth too.
0	yeah i think harrington deserved the award.
0	pro bowl announcements came out this week.
0	i would definitely go with the east.
0	again jim januzzi of massachusetts general hospital.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we've had back-to-back african-american secretaries of state.
0	i've taken big bites i've read excerpts.
0	but then you have two relative unknowns.
0	why don't we begin with john freeman.
0	last december mike silva left the fed.
0	so i never really believed in it.
0	you know my name is khan really.
0	falcon is counting on a similar surprise.
0	actually i think i worked that day.
0	he's the opposite personality type of trump.
0	but that's not even the crazy part.
0	it's hard to believe it actually happened.
0	again building up this coalition against iran.
0	i mean those things just bother you.
0	so i think it's pretty much ready.
0	ok and so with that here's sarah.
0	maybe it wouldn't have made a difference.
0	that is the practice here in massachusetts.
0	they have to show accomplishment as well.
0	i mean why am i being inspected?
0	now how big a deal is that?
0	is there some score-settling here at all?
0	so you want to hear him now?
0	that's when i first talked to will.
0	one of those comes from new hampshire.
0	does it seem like a strange metaphor?
0	you can even set your own salary.
0	npr's scott horsley traveling with the president.
0	but she also helped with this call.
0	so he got out of the cab.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	so what is happening with the banks?
0	on paper olvera owns the family business.
0	is the visit ever going to happen?
0	but the day i'm there it rains.
0	so iran is abiding by the deal.
0	those voters voted more than 3-to-1 republican.
0	yeah i'm disappointed i suppose all right.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	so i'm looking at them for cues.
0	nice of you to be with us.
0	and the lawyers for ctw went crazy.
0	so it's really there's really no basis.
0	so where did you go to college?
0	this picture doesn't ultimately make any sense.
0	before the cartoon came out right mike?
0	even without the blowout the questions came.
0	mark mazzetti of the new york times.
0	i wonder whether my sister loves me.
0	it also prevents sounds from getting trapped.
0	well before the article came out right?
0	they tased him and bloodied his face.
0	and it's time for all tech considered.
0	i felt that it was a necessity.
0	well you know i had mixed emotions.
0	he was never charged with a crime.
0	and each player said something like fantastic.
0	so we're trying to negotiate with iran.
0	i mean they signed up for this.
0	i don't think you can describe it.
0	and we'd like to cover a sample.
0	none of this is true at all.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i've never seen anything quite like that.
0	the call comes in on his cell.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	that's more than $1 million per plaintiff.
0	i had never heard of her before.
0	not as long as doing your taxes.
0	it's just that technology has supercharged it.
0	writer abigail deutsch is one of them.
0	democrats trying to republicans urging them to.
0	and then there are the state democrats.
0	cree bol lives in fort collins colorado.
0	i want to say screw you sir.
0	so let's talk about the president specifically.
0	the four girls all cut their hair.
0	they never saw me succeed in nothing.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	one day in class will lost it.
0	that's just not something that was done?
0	betty with us from albany in oregon.
0	paul let me ask you this question.
0	clint watts joins us from new york.
0	it dragged on for almost a year.
0	these don't really have any ethical concerns.
0	asia is now a 33-year-old stay-at-home mother.
0	oh that's what i'm wearing right now.
0	we have to get up at 6:00.
0	right   now there's a federal benefit package.
0	i don't know why he was convicted.
0	it ended up being a state emergency.
0	another division's policy goldman acknowledged wasn't complete.
0	and i sat down next to him.
0	and none of them are g8 members.
0	they're definitely going in that direction right?
0	so this is more propaganda than reality.
0	well it's not going to happen tomorrow.
0	and stefan let's look ahead a bit.
0	she said i wasn't it wasn't consensual.
0	an estimated 4,000 children have been orphaned.
0	or you could just call its sharing.
0	there are more utilitarian makers here too.
0	jaime katz is an analyst with morningstar.
0	and so these ads were clearly divisive.
0	i noticed that hae wasn't with him.
0	practices like these date back to 1852.
0	dear i had to come and get.
0	they know where the trouble spots are.
0	what does this news mean to you?
0	we've had the ripple effect from iraq.
0	that's npr's peter kenyon in beirut lebanon.
0	npr's jane greenhalgh reports from portland ore.
0	in the picture jay drew it's cold.
0	do you think it's attracting more customers?
0	he talks about sharper elbows breaking eggs.
0	santa's sled has to be absolutely ginormous.
0	eight other members have been sentenced already.
0	mike with us from jackson in wyoming.
0	our middle east policy is in disarray.
0	the men in suits did way better.
0	people tell us that they forgive us.
0	two-for-one deals toy giveaways and now venison.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	are experienced skiers just pushing themselves more?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	thank you very much for coming in.
0	but there is no catholic voting bloc.
0	it is way beyond the border also.
0	and we're not just talking about hmos.
0	you tell him to take it off.
0	and you could avoid service that way.
0	and i was like yes i have.
0	places like singapore and stockholm do it.
0	no smoking no drinking definitely no drugs.
0	above all though pelayo says be consistent.
0	what do your neighbors think of it?
0	all right we're all catching our breath.
0	you can email questions for him now.
0	that's i don't enter into this lightly.
0	and it says 52 watts 45 amps.
0	every seat at the table was full.
0	he and tim didn't work together directly.
0	this has become a very sensitive topic.
0	i just don't know the answer tim.
0	it was so different than i expected.
0	and its schools have a good reputation.
0	so recently the aba changed the rules.
0	secretary spellings thank you for your time.
0	npr's peter kenyon reports from lausanne switzerland.
0	and how big a deal is it?
0	you know who to walk away from.
0	but there has been talk of regulation.
0	and so did you eventually report it?
0	but it's not for everybody right annie?
0	now this isn't about fixing the culture.
0	in the backseat is a duffel bag.
0	and there's kyle mcentee who started lawschooltransparency.
0	it was three other parents and myself.
0	every time there's a failure we learn.
0	a little bit of that you know.
0	these are soldiers and they follow orders.
0	first of all it gets there faster.
0	she's a key figure in this story.
0	i think from a flavor perspective absolutely.
0	this region used to be a nightmare.
0	do you think that that could happen?
0	you know this is a cultural phenomenon.
0	just go to our web site npr.
0	but we're sworn to serve and protect.
0	she was born and raised in tacloban.
0	he was acquitted on separate corruption charges.
0	rend rahim says that may happen again.
0	these are the poorest of the poor.
0	he's a producer on our show here.
0	in the movie sinatra is coming apart.
0	when you're watching by candlelight this weekend.
0	this is sarah craighill of annapolis maryland.
0	they no longer hold towns and villages.
0	an older bald woman answered the door.
0	are they putting a lot into it?
0	well they certainly are growing in strength.
0	later a kid suggests they play together.
0	marilyn geewax is npr's senior business editor.
0	we're blocks away from the white house.
0	i think he's going to be ok.
0	in syria they're fighting islamist rebel groups.
0	i wished for you to be okay.
0	there was a scrapbook of sinatra's pictures.
0	she asks him where his home is.
0	that suggests a movement against big government.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	here's candidate obama in july of 2008.
0	but we certainly should assume the responsibility.
0	at least we haven't found any yet.
0	and you know six quarks is easy.
0	do we have a name for it?
0	and help me out with this subject.
0	it's not just math there's physics involved.
0	the city they say simply must adjust.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	one is bcs poll out this week.
0	this is something only students can do.
0	npr's ivan watson traveled to iraqi kurdistan.
0	i'll talk to you in a minute.
0	so are these really mixed messages here?
0	after that the rule would kick in.
0	people'd be like oh you're so smart.
0	it was not sting who wrote that.
0	well that was just like a performance.
0	well no thank you for buying it.
0	rustin died in 1987 in new york.
0	they do not diverge on politics or.
0	the president has made that very clear.
0	well that is a very good point.
0	can you please shut off the vehicle?
0	dr. druker we should start with you.
0	donald trump has given her a purpose.
0	why pose as a white biker gang?
0	there was father coughlin in the 1930s.
0	about two minutes later officers showed up.
0	no one is demanding a revolving door.
0	and he's somebody who can be trusted.
0	will there be cases where pregnancy occurs?
0	they're supporting militant groups throughout the region.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	one two three floors in our school?
0	ron thanks very much for the suggestion.
0	he got into wheaton college in massachusetts.
0	you've been coming for a long time.
0	she's on the ground hugging her leg.
0	does the attorney for the company know?
0	it's sponsored by myself and jaleea   price.
0	none are expected to be charged yeah.
0	so i run one of those companies.
0	i mean it's hotter than the sun.
0	what were your expectations going in there?
0	we don't require any login or registration.
0	is that myth or is that reality?
0	he just didn't figure into my narrative.
0	at around 19 i began to minister.
0	guys lots of fun talking to you.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	you have to work on your project.
0	and because they're standards everyone knows them.
0	would this be on a different scale?
0	npr's don gonyea was at the game.
0	i guess this is how iranians are.
0	indeed these families are really really hurting.
0	and i do that all that time.
0	so what happened when you went there?
0	he's actually won a few new fans.
0	it was an overnight hit on youtube.
0	we must not deserve to be free.
0	the building it was a former bar.
0	stood by the door to the building.
0	aye chan naing is the executive director.
0	we've heard themheck we've even reported them.
0	i can see him crying out yeah.
0	it must have been a two-minute hug.
0	yeah i mean you're describing northern california.
0	the tiwari video instantly made headline news.
0	mahmoud says this ceremony almost didn't happen.
0	glad to be with you my pleasure.
0	eleven percent say they've seen a ufo.
0	and then the last one is this.
0	it's hard to be funny about policy.
0	no i'm actually a banker in cheyenne.
0	we're going to play two substantial exchanges.
0	that's true he didn't laugh about that.
0	all of them are still in print.
0	it was the end of an era.
0	i like being outside all day long.
0	although this past storm we had everything.
0	or is that the other way around?
0	i'll just give tribute to my dog.
0	you hear it way long ago there.
0	she was always a pudge like me.
0	i see what they were telling me.
0	you do have a sense of humor.
0	i want to go away with her.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	annie baxter of minnesota public radio reports.
0	it didn't get into the pancake batter.
0	for an update let's go to jane.
0	i mean what do regular turks think?
0	mr. director thanks for being with us.
0	it's not where it ends at all.
0	simpson come right in and sit down.
0	but i feel what pain she's living.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	what kind of cds do you have?
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	well anti-abortion groups have challenged stabenow's assertion.
0	so you've never heard of the caucuses?
0	well try telling that to washington drivers.
0	i'm so sorry for your loss joe.
0	aj thanks very much for the call.
0	the crowd wanted arafat-like inspiration from abbas.
0	it's not us slowing the process down.
0	this is no doubt a momentous failure.
0	it just made a lot of sense.
0	so was anybody surprised by the results?
0	they can come in here and eat.
0	it's also smith says about diminishing resources.
0	i'll take the answer off the air.
0	and we have fashion week going on.
0	they expected a weakened obama to cave.
0	jake added this epilogue to the story.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	we're not going to play that game.
0	can i just say one quick thing?
0	so that but who makes that decision?
0	join the conversation call us at 800-989-talk.
0	why is it impossible to enforce this?
0	then the snake said think about it.
0	in the present day there is diversity.
0	people are wanting to get these dollars.
0	everybody in the neighborhood talks about it.
0	rick welcome to talk of the nation.
0	that's not the way these things work.
0	james welcome to talk of the nation.
0	i hope everyone is doing well there.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we don't have enough visible women leaders.
0	like see them go on tour together.
0	and then you would come and get.
0	it often means not the real ones.
0	the lawyer knows nothing about the client.
0	we need to take a short break.
0	and our first guest is marvin meyer.
0	they share this room with minu's husband.
0	let us wait 'til we know everything.
0	npr's scott horsley for us this morning.
0	i think there is a second amendment.
0	the amazing thing is the plan worked.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	the democratic senate primary is on tuesday.
0	they learn about prophets taboos and requirements.
0	we have some grants some major donors.
0	and every day you tell me nothing.
0	the popular girl is in this video.
0	and it's a terrible infections can result.
0	on whole the outcome has been good.
0	that's congressman bob inglis from south carolina.
0	they were supported by pakistan before 9-11.
0	the middle three letters form a word.
0	we'll have to do it another time.
0	it's nice to be here thank you.
0	oh thank you guys for inviting us.
0	it's the one you used bariatric surgery.
0	in the baggage claim area at minneapolis-st.
0	and here's what it gets down to.
0	i mean look at what's happening there.
0	in time the prisoners became the actors.
0	my stronger guilt defeats my strong intent.
0	thanks for coming on day to day.
0	that little mob seemed like one voice.
0	in terms of healthcare there's absolutely nothing.
0	he says it was mostly philosophical curiosity.
0	well we'll see you oh sorry good.
0	he even bought me one a hyundai.
0	that's new york republican congressman chris collins.
0	on other stages a curtain would fall.
0	so hamlet dies and fortinbras takes over.
0	the march 31 deadline came and went.
0	also they're experiencing this from both sides.
0	there's not a lot of action really.
0	i mean that was that was admirable.
0	and that's apparently going to go forward.
0	but now you've got to act it.
0	it really is a very good book.
0	what really got me was his passion.
0	no im not crazy of course not.
0	the gop holds it primary there tomorrow.
0	the arabs do not understand anything else.
0	i'm more mature i'm more strong maybe.
0	but they plow on through the script.
0	what the batwa people need is land.
0	it goes on and on and on.
0	in prison you got this hierarchy system.
0	of course there's only one from 1984.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but that was an especially good ride.
0	we may never know what was said.
0	folgers and your clue is certain sportsmen.
0	you had to turn over your uniform.
0	everyone's waiting to hear about the satellites.
0	this is actually my first   trip over.
0	i mean if you are going to.
0	of course there will be alternative energies.
0	well it's up now to each state.
0	people seemed to be spending more money.
0	technically why is it a good deal?
0	you have continuity and you have change.
0	it starts when he was just 23.
0	but that is not going to happen.
0	susan welcome to talk of the nation.
0	it's the engagement ring of his cellmate.
0	so abu raman says what about us?
0	they have to pick a right candidate.
0	it isn't going to make any difference.
0	but his selection has drawn immediate criticism.
0	so they don't have to touch anything.
0	why weren't they writing about abu mazen?
0	i think there are two institutional reasons.
0	i could go on but i won't.
0	so that's just a little over 15%.
0	then again if it may be dependent.
0	kim thanks very much for joining us.
0	half the entrees cost $6 or so.
0	julianne i didn't say it wasn't important.
0	his goal was to be a firefighter.
0	it's day to day i'm noah adams.
0	the previous show was in new york.
0	i wonder anita allen would you agree?
0	and they'll pack up all their stuff.
0	i don't want to talk to colby.
0	so it was great being with her.
0	that's usa today's sports columnist christine brennan.
0	has she got you on your guard?
0	how do you make a space elevator?
0	he's ceo of the new american airlines.
0	but the place didn't completely empty out.
0	she'd never experienced anything outside the church.
0	i remember watching that convention in '88.
0	don you're talking about enthusiasm and excitement.
0	and what that other woman is saying.
0	and this isn't just about teenage girls.
0	he ran for governor of new jersey.
0	i did get a picture of him.
0	but here's sort of a follow up.
0	and a lot of them want iuds.
0	we need to do something about it.
0	but there are a few who stay.
0	in some cases governments are requiring it.
0	do you think that actually will happen?
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	so what was it like in there?
0	let's bring another guest into the conversation.
0	a small jump but a gain nonetheless.
0	this flight is what falconers work for.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	thank you so much sir and congratulations.
0	in fact lower than the speed limit.
0	but first let's go to micah zenko.
0	i would say yeah pretty much so.
0	i mean don't you often wonder why?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	of course something holds these communities together.
0	it's a progressive newspaper in south china.
0	martin-artajo's attorney says he will be cleared.
0	okay now you have to clear it.
0	and would that really be so alarming?
0	cyrenaica is the eastern part of libya.
0	should you have a joint checking account?
0	abdeslam could presumably know about that too.
0	food companies could do so much more.
0	i mean i think yeah they do.
0	i have a flight on this date.
0	am i going to run into trouble?
0	in the home it's a different story.
0	and that one over there is dead.
0	he hadn't hurt anybody or stolen anything.
0	and i thought this is so wonderful.
0	except the father never ran for governor.
0	bush for president then bush for governor.
0	she brought him a letter from sarah.
0	either of them ever find out why?
0	and then it started to happen gradually.
0	so he doesn't know what authorities know.
0	he's currently on his way to siberia.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	it does a lot for their career.
0	and so i meet them for dinner.
0	so why did you write this book?
0	they put in chest tubes tighten tourniquets.
0	i should say i haven't been duped.
0	what exactly what rules have been broken?
0	that's at least 200 jobs maybe more.
0	because i still get trolled every day.
0	i guess i'm just kind of nervous.
0	and basically there are two gray boxes.
0	were you referring to senator barack obama?
0	so actually there is no curse anymore.
0	and i just want to clarify something.
0	elise bergerson is our business operations manager.
0	at shenandoah that company is delaware north.
0	i was feeling really at loose ends.
0	it with that definitely with that caveat.
0	do you both go to the grammys?
0	you'd do a jump from 800 feet.
0	it was very cozy and very chummy.
0	this was a new thing for us.
0	that's where the problem could come in.
0	it's easy to pitch as a simplification.
0	nowadays they pay for something called aba.
0	these trials were different in some ways.
0	housing is still tight for families here.
0	but i'm sort of partial to leroy.
0	number one being it's not your fault.
0	i was good at the cultural stuff.
0	that's npr's ina jaffe who covers aging.
0	i was really really sad about it.
0	i thought about that my entire life.
0	people sleep on the living room floor.
0	we don't have enough female role models.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so how does the hezbollah get them?
0	and i'm not much of an inviter.
0	i mean how did we get here?
0	and here's where international shipping gets problematic.
0	is there anything similar that humans get?
0	give them a little bit of time.
0	you also say to ignore the blurbs.
0	kevin thanks very much for the call.
0	she came so close to going bankrupt.
0	these are a group of foreign journalists.
0	it's too big a market to ignore.
0	what's the most important thing in comedy?
0	the mother said no that's enough really.
0	they called it management by walking around.
0	our american women are just too soft.
0	next week i'm bulleting to number eight.
0	there was nothing left of that town.
0	that   doesn't seem to be happening yet.
0	so would there be any public space?
0	jason expects that to happen this year.
0	so april 12 is the next cliff-edge.
0	and during that time we were separated.
0	you have to qualify for campaign financing.
0	and that varies from state to state.
0	that's a lot of pleases in there.
0	and she's president of generational targeted marketing.
0	so i just accepted who i was.
0	if something crazy happens you'll be fine.
0	david rohde welcome to day to day.
0	but it wasn't happening in a forest.
0	and i continue to play professionally now.
0	that's the person that speaks to me.
0	and it was sort of like chaos.
0	and i think that's a false dichotomy.
0	but right now it's not there yet.
0	were you gore supporters during the election?
0	just breathless silence the silence of recognition.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	yeah she changed her first name too.
0	and you've written books under both names?
0	thank you for taking the time sir.
0	celico thanks very much for coming by.
0	wait she calls out from the audience?
0	he'd only been home a few years.
0	it was a tremendous relief for me.
0	what is the brown paper bag test?
0	they don't even know what's going on?
0	i have no way of knowing that.
0	and the question is who will blink?
0	he knows his left from his right.
0	what about the effects of air pollution?
0	andy oliver is a pastor from florida.
0	do you think they have a case?
0	the fishermen of hastings are tight knit.
0	no way they're getting a short-sleeve t-shirt?
0	i dug there a lot of days.
0	and she's one of the last ones.
0	as they say easy come easy go.
0	explaining cooperation is a huge cottage industry.
0	here's another email question this from ms.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	pretty soon he was who he was.
0	karen thanks very much for the call.
0	this one from mark in columbus ohio.
0	i am personally going here on business.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	but assad's army is still very strong.
0	we're not going to stay there forever.
0	he looks at the future of energy.
0	but some think it's a nasty business.
0	we've always been angry about the racism.
0	was it like finding a four-leaf clover?
0	sometimes we've seen people videotaping their sheetrocking.
0	my mother came and picked us up.
0	and he resigned his post on friday.
0	and dennis there's some interesting regional variances.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	well i'll be in the parking lot.
0	there's that annoyance we are looking for.
0	i understand where you are coming from.
0	and so it's a very developed area.
0	i just completed a tour in iraq.
0	in this video betsy's seven years old.
0	i'm putting on my burger king uniform.
0	rob schmitz of member station kqed reports.
0	yes but why are you in is?
0	anyway i'm having a party saturday night.
0	thousands of people died in one day.
0	we call it a teddy roosevelt fraternity.
0	and this weekend we have the apocalypse.
0	mussarat insists this is not a charity.
0	thanks very much for the call paula.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	what do you do there in lexington?
0	and he's learning something about computer programming.
0	looks a lot like a pineapple leaf.
0	and i was treated very very well.
0	that's merrit kennedy at cairo's tahrir square.
0	well not everyone agrees with that premise.
0	that's npr's beijing bureau chief louisa lim.
0	that resembles a nighttime without electric lights.
0	a kid was throwing rocks at me.
0	street fighting certainly doesn't fit that image.
0	but their beef is a simple one.
0	how does the u.s. handle this diplomatically?
0	it was not merely a non-racist magazine.
0	it recently reopened after a three-year restoration.
0	i'll take my answer off the air.
0	test scores did not drop- at all.
0	thats why i haven't even like tried.
0	but he was the domestic policy advisor.
0	and 40 percent of republicans join this.
0	to me that's what a union's about.
0	never mind how many defects they had.
0	did woody allen do it in person?
0	arkansas's mark pryor is one of them.
0	at first nobody knew what that meant.
0	nedra found herself pleading for an exception.
0	i work on an 80 percent rule.
0	ira's here tomorrow we'll see you monday.
0	oh it's great to be back neal.
0	payday lending has mushroomed into big business.
0	we have 6,000 feet of meeting space.
0	that muscle in your leg it popped?
0	he was almost in tears i think.
0	a lot of booze on the line.
0	there the three kidnappers made their demands.
0	they needed us to provide around $300,000.
0	from member station wshu mark herz reports.
0	they're doing as well can be expected.
0	so i can feel that you know?
0	these parents don't want to try either.
0	that plane of course landed in detroit.
0	well this is a really interesting acquisition.
0	gosh the wrong way to fire someone?
0	yeah the team is sort of male-dominated.
0	i mean it turns me on babe.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the u.s. postal service quit twice delivering.
0	michele kelemen npr news the united nations.
0	and of course they have residual capability.
0	all right jim you are in luck.
0	is this real or am i dreaming?
0	you know what she did to me?
0	but you have a much different method.
0	but we do that frequently year round.
0	you can never have everything you need.
0	the sun has barely risen in plains.
0	richard nixon talked about it in 1974.
0	you can do whatever you want outback.
0	no wonder he went to the basement.
0	and it was written by neal conan.
0	there were other people who told edison.
0	we're talking with political junkie ken rudin.
0	is running for re-election this time around.
0	but when one goes down i'm happy.
0	president kennedy had been assassinated years before.
0	and again ligety could be the guy.
0	so that was the big change there.
0	the other question was about open theism.
0	just if you can for a minute.
0	we'll have some details after this break.
0	it's not what the u.s. has done.
0	when are we going to defeat them?
0	it's and maybe more so than ever.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	bleachers on each side those were filled.
0	this was wrong and that was cold-hearted.
0	he's been like a rock for me.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you know it sounds good to me.
0	it's hosted by the new york times.
0	and we will not talk about it.
0	with his tax case do you think?
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	is social security perceived differently than unemployment?
0	here though surrender was not an option.
0	the last count i heard was 105.
0	exxon released its first quarter earnings today.
0	it took him hours to write sermons.
0	yes it was thank you so much.
0	it's nintendo's hot new game console controller.
0	but first the media and trayvon martin.
0	so right now they're paying 2.2 percent.
0	you paid $200 for it at loehmann's.
0	but republicans are the party of ideas.
0	i don't follow the news very much.
0	mr. harrison we talk about stagnation there.
0	parts of houston hit 40 inches yesterday.
0	sylvia thanks very much for the question.
0	they live in a lovely suburban home.
0	the economy there is just a wreck.
0	so they move from relationship to relationship.
0	what was the response for south korea?
0	you know we will hold the line.
0	i'm in front of my dad's office.
0	both of them are off the hook.
0	do we have any way of knowing?
0	erik anderson of member station kpbs reports.
0	we talk about the workplace on wednesdays.
0	thanks so much for your call john.
0	so you become a more dangerous drunk.
0	well we didn't define what exploration was.
0	protesters in france have escalated their demands.
0	well because i'm leaving the city today.
0	i saw him a couple of times.
0	i think we bring a different energy.
0	but it is primarily a woman's field.
0	it was now a question of honor.
0	i learned i should explain myself more.
0	habiba aden abdi is a tougher case.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	also the nea where does it stand?
0	so we can't see the rocket anymore.
0	there are now 68,000 u.s. troops there.
0	but i also feel for the imams.
0	she shivers and runs to the stage.
0	thanks very much for the call justin.
0	i don't know where the nea stands.
0	yes way more effective than people credit.
0	we're talking about sex abuse by educators.
0	but you know this wasn't your fault.
0	thanks very much for the call amber.
0	and some weeks that's where she stays.
0	plus she says the route is redundant.
0	in the past that wasn't the case.
0	you know typically hideous typically mud butt.
0	let's see what he does with guam.
0	people watch the way you handle things.
0	it covers the november incident in minneapolis.
0	games are very strange in that respect.
0	hyder's trip is just six weeks away.
0	this is my last official megan day.
0	but there just wasn't any work then.
0	the student's first test comes from facebook.
0	we'll be back in just a minute.
0	and that's what i'm trying to do.
0	npr's frank langfitt explains what went wrong.
0	and he says it changes over time.
0	they've been accused of using excessive force.
0	ruck is a pack like a knapsack.
0	let me describe the hotel to you.
0	stock buybacks do not create any jobs.
0	in the other sink clear cool water.
0	do many israelis ever think about it?
0	you can hear me hitting the metal.
0	geologists physicists anthropologists what's left to explore?
0	hollywood is going through some tough times.
0	there are no pictures of his wife.
0	i'm just like i can't believe it.
0	since   then 40,000 patients have used it.
0	maybe this wasn't such a great idea.
0	dr. van mantgem tell us about this.
0	rising unemployment is making the crisis worse.
0	but do i feel what i sing?
0	they lasted for a while at least.
0	and they're wondering is there an off-ramp?
0	mr. turnley let me start with you.
0	defensive end chris long sent this tweet.
0	i would've signed off on it myself.
0	karen grigsby bates npr news los angeles.
0	and listen to what irving's job was.
0	all right sir thank you for calling.
0	if you'll call 565-4505- is that number.
0	and the system really you know overloaded.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	this is the northeast section of detroit.
0	well one of us got our wish.
0	and then she would say thank you.
0	they weren't actually working with abortion doctors.
0	here's what senator hirono of hawaii said.
0	coming up what's old is new again.
0	good lord where do they throw it?
0	the results she did get were reassuring.
0	giffords says the district needs the workers.
0	well we heard different from other kids.
0	doctors say the impact has been huge.
0	that's what why we go to museums.
0	it was more widespread than i anticipated.
0	what do you do that story about?
0	you have good corner men good coaches.
0	yeah we're the steward of the land.
0	we don't have a lot of money.
0	and with that he's given the job.
0	we will see today in miami-dade county.
0	day to day continues in a moment.
0	retired general david grange says that's true.
0	which in truth i never struggled with.
0	so monitor what your kids are doing.
0	he is fbi special agent garland schweickhardt.
0	she's the editor of the well-respected zeta.
0	i never would have thought of that.
0	i don't even know what it is.
0	i think we should expect something clearer.
0	no a few times during the year.
0	or will you stop at some point?
0	of course many try to fight that.
0	they do what they're meant to do.
0	well what's the challenge for next week?
0	daniel baker is the ceo of flightaware.
0	call it the summer of donald trump.
0	well it was loud in arco arena.
0	ok so we're in the detention center.
0	for example the rolling stones are gunsmoke.
0	i want them all to get together.
0	during the execution his head snapped off.
0	in each case they've blamed the saudis.
0	i met a man named boris culbero.
0	someone has got to have solved this.
0	and why aren't these studies being published?
0	so much of this is so sloppy.
0	what was that first program you mentioned?
0	over the years art crime has exploded.
0	he's a cardiologist at the cleveland clinic.
0	and that's when his predicament hit me.
0	others said he should run third party.
0	eighteen hundred people around the world played.
0	yes it is a lot of   money.
0	we are after all talking about superpowers.
0	it covers an astonishing 1,200 square miles.
0	and so we're in a   different era.
0	my children he says were keen students.
0	melanie brown says her state is ready.
0	and where do you go from here?
0	you tell me the city and state.
0	so will shortz is on the line.
0	so this came pretty quickly to you?
0	why they don't action before the election?
0	and he wanted a cigarette from me.
0	a life vest just came to you.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	and pick what color it comes in.
0	north carolina also holds its primaries tomorrow.
0	he spoke to him about this today.
0	there were reports on radio and television.
0	he turned his back for an instant.
0	so you used to catch crabs there.
0	will you advise him to do that?
0	and that's something abramoff tried to avoid.
0	however not all the candidates had speakers.
0	and they oppose it on practical grounds.
0	people actually walk from place to place.
0	you knew that it was a lie?
0	at the time you had 39 democrats.
0	chuck welcome to talk of the nation.
0	what's coming in could have some value.
0	trump thinks all that is highly overrated.
0	love is very hard to argue with.
0	it should sound weird and off kilter.
0	twenty-three people died in that bus fire.
0	the white house says no absolutely not.
0	i ask if i can come along.
0	it's day to day from npr news.
0	that is happening because of russian support.
0	it just kind of came and went.
0	at first wall tried to raise morale.
0	health inflation just drove through the ceiling.
0	people work hard to make it viral.
0	he called manley and offered to help.
0	they all go to mass every sunday.
0	but wall did more than just pr.
0	i was more sentimental than they were.
0	and in the end we were successful.
0	let me go and make this purchase.
0	it was a profound moment for her.
0	well it was a silly little thing.
0	it's long been a center of protest.
0	he put red marks on my   papers.
0	there was no electricity no running water.
0	she'd even call him just to chat.
0	and maybe she's the one that's right.
0	how does her family feel about that?
0	and to some extent many environmentalists agree.
0	robert traynham how do you see it?
0	i'm a member of this parliament myself.
0	the whole area has completely cleared out.
0	i mean it was an extraordinary night.
0	her next role is opposite adam sandler.
0	i think we had about five kids.
0	she's like next time use your personality.
0	it would look like a cover up.
0	and his position is clear on this.
0	it can never get to that point.
0	you can take off that santa suit.
0	there was a military coup in liberia.
0	thank you for your time today shamir.
0	they feel the work is really misunderstood.
0	i went to rancho high school too.
0	but ava's inner landscape is terribly troubled.
0	he just kind of coughed out $700,000.
0	yariv levine is a likud knesset member.
0	and in chicago school officials are listening.
0	let's hear from steven plant city florida.
0	that seems unlikely in the near future.
0	when did we grown-ups forget those things?
0	and so we forage with zero limits.
0	is that information actually gathered at all?
0	he is not living here in israel.
0	and he's telling me that's impossible too.
0	one more blogger oh go ahead roy.
0	and i didn't get hurt too badly.
0	i didn't work for the university police.
0	so far i am leaning towards hillary.
0	i talked about this with zeynep tufekci.
0	washington is power-driven new york is money-driven.
0	and we actually go stand in line.
0	you were there what was that like?
0	did that ever end up being difficult?
0	during what war did you write that?
0	and i was like how's it going?
0	they controlled redistricting in very important states.
0	it's hard to say it is healing.
0	michael phelps returned to competition this weekend.
0	making the wrong choice can be expensive.
0	you could sense that they were frustrated.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	what do they plan to do next?
0	overall how has the all-volunteer military performed?
0	officials hope they've now secured the highway.
0	so it can be frustrating as well.
0	so there's two solutions being put out.
0	well if i had one i would.
0	well i was probably out drinking somewhere.
0	the other ones he's doing shorter events.
0	finally there's a break in the conversation.
0	firas is sure the guy is bad.
0	what do you think about that view?
0	they did not come in very far.
0	it's just so upsetting looking at him.
0	you may want to defy the odds.
0	i mean it sounds not worth pursuing.
0	they just gave him a blank check.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	thanks to jamie york and doug stone.
0	that's kind of the engine of sports.
0	do you think that i barely listen?
0	by hardwood we mean the basketball court.
0	the administration's policy is to protect americans.
0	tom bowman npr news helmand province afghanistan.
0	yeah it has been an awkward sport.
0	we'll maintain support economically military equipment supplies.
0	npr's africa correspondent ofeibea quist-arcton thank you.
0	so of course you take the trash.
0	and so i'm totally- i'm totally excited.
0	so this is entirely a local decision.
0	arpey called it pull together win together.
0	united and usair have already gone bankrupt.
0	ok that's npr's sylvia poggioli in rome.
0	therein lies its strength and its weakness.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	a lot of athletes are blogging themselves.
0	that's how our story ended in april.
0	farley's dad died a dozen years ago.
0	i have got snow white wavy hair.
0	there's also even more applications in engineering.
0	dr. robert montgomery coordinated the kidney exchange.
0	it's not a salacious video but nevertheless.
0	living behind enemy lines doing their work.
0	there's no other way to say it.
0	it's great fun to hear about those.
0	today is the first national malaria day.
0	love stories are unusual for bertrand tavernier.
0	we think he's a awfully liberal guy.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so the team took the experiment inside.
0	up here we have two rows here.
0	the former president of tunisia of course.
0	i mean this is so blair witch.
0	we're seeing television ads for hillary clinton.
0	he's out of the picture right now.
0	mr. buffett's office declined an interview request.
0	the manufacturing economy is not getting better.
0	yes i would call upon those companies.
0	that's the question that this report poses.
0	how many grams are in an ounce?
0	yeah what time do you meet him?
0	meaning they have more than one job.
0	he seems like he's looking for something.
0	michele kelemen npr news the united nations.
0	his story got some support from hearingvoices.
0	what does this new symbol look like?
0	these really these walked the earth yeah.
0	oh he didn't really have a will.
0	they're not familiar with the major   characters.
0	in fact her whole arm is gone.
0	they need to enforce continuity and standards.
0	well he doesn't have to look far.
0	because don imus is in serious trouble.
0	he comes in three times a week.
0	do our sitcoms tell us about reality?
0	so it was a pretty big idea.
0	it's this american life i'm ira glass.
0	the alternatives economically good ones are what?
0	so if you're a mouse there's hope.
0	i'm sure you tried to contact him.
0	thank you   so much for your time.
0	thank you so much for inviting me.
0	and he brought it around on drums.
0	well michael thank you for the suggestion.
0	i think it reflects the university culture.
0	your father gets knocked off the pedestal.
0	well kuwait calls itself a constitutional democracy.
0	and that is the sound of uh-oh.
0	but he died a few years ago.
0	she took a bad turn after that.
0	the organization is not standard video store.
0	they've talked to her over and over.
0	women are using other forms of artifice.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and so they overwhelming understand that distinction.
0	this is a good friend of mine.
0	come back and talk to us again.
0	i didn't eat at the same restaurants.
0	there you've got the divide i think.
0	how long is this going to take?
0	and in a way he found it.
0	do you taste it and smell it?
0	the asteroids have been somewhat mixed up.
0	so what's justice kennedy getting at here?
0	and it was very quickly broken up.
0	and they wanted an end to corruption.
0	let's switch now to the democrat candidates.
0	so i looked to the marine corps.
0	npr's lourdes garcia-navarro reports from uruguay's capital.
0	and you're supposed to double them both.
0	i would know when he was there.
0	and this from rica in grand rapids.
0	right for an elmo doll or whatever.
0	we don't know anything about that conversation.
0	a noisy web site it's called dropdon.
0	i keep my eyes on the newspaper.
0	from npr news this is morning edition.
0	do you have enough blankets and food?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's npr's consumer health correspondent allison aubrey.
0	i think that that's a good sign.
0	that's npr white house correspondent tamara keith.
0	so they had some problems with governance.
0	and the soldiers it was the same.
0	and the guy across from him nods.
0	it's sunday morning march 27th and 6:30.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	don't you think that that's not right?
0	and you know i reached that conclusion.
0	it didn't make any sense to me.
0	no gps fooling appreciate my geographical schooling.
0	it began with a failed traffic stop.
0	he joins me now on the line.
0	say for example you know a rat.
0	i guess candice is not with us.
0	obama i don't like him very much.
0	you know they walk through these neighborhoods.
0	hi neal thanks for putting this on.
0	i think it was a good investment.
0	you think the media is too negative.
0	not torn down it had never existed.
0	since then i've barely missed a night.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	well rachel no one really knows yet.
0	could you say that to your dad?
0	that was one that was really battered.
0	and you can see that by satellite.
0	like you can't eat that hospital food.
0	and a lot of scientists grew up.
0	you might call it a taser today.
0	they have their own motors on them.
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	well let me give you an example.
0	it's this american life i'm ira glass.
0	that's the rock that it's trapped in.
0	but onziema faces a particularly cruel paradox.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	i also made her a name tag.
0	and i'll take my comment off air.
0	why don't you read some of it?
0	i've got them all labeled from evp.
0	and then later he left for syria.
0	they put the armored vehicles away right?
0	they called it the vic thrill salon.
0	welcome back to the program dr. noble.
0	all right npr's justice reporter ryan lucas.
0	so she can she loses the match.
0	its work usually done by new immigrants.
0	so he was very depressed at us.
0	how much worse did the allegations get?
0	anyway carlos and i finally made out.
0	typically what happens in cases like these?
0	wade goodwyn npr news st. george utah.
0	cricket and i are very good friends.
0	well he was in a delivery room.
0	here's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	that would be deliberately defying their instructions.
0	we hope you'll join us again sometime.
0	and do you have to hire staff?
0	after the election my family moved out.
0	so she sent me to the office.
0	and if it's not they tune out.
0	think about it we're 160,000 seats short.
0	there was some drug use going on.
0	well you don't have to picture it.
0	david greene npr news the white house.
0	i thought he's still just a kid.
0	the girls laughed but it wasn't cruel.
0	they began to fight for his attention.
0	never stood for that kind of thing.
0	they did not have conversations like that.
0	so did fire recovery counselor pamela beeman.
0	and now experts say it's getting worse.
0	he makes art we've not seen before.
0	today on our radio show teenage embed.
0	the road to kunar is really bad.
0	two cases of soap was another prize.
0	and we see prices continuing to increase.
0	how and why do we use them?
0	let me just say one more thing.
0	even people in the same event absolutely.
0	so i experienced survivor's guilt because i'm.
0	do you have that on your license?
0	boeing didn't respond to requests for comment.
0	that's exactly right especially standard and poor's.
0	so why are these gases so worrisome?
0	it's really an interesting conversation to me.
0	he lost his campaign manager this week.
0	and their children   went to this school.
0	well this started about a year ago.
0	this is what marriage is you know?
0	let him come in a little bit.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	so here's the letter that i received.
0	he boarded an overnight train to madrid.
0	guys ding their legs into car bumpers.
0	we'll see if those end up happily.
0	he says they need more immediate help.
0	it looked like a ball of fuzz.
0	so you know was he singled out?
0	npr business correspondent alina selyukh is here.
0	well it's great to be with you.
0	throwing that out is somebody else's job.
0	and are the roads in fact intact?
0	they thought he was in a slump.
0	i can your hear your radio too.
0	i call a 15 minutes of fame.
0	so what did you have to do?
0	this is our service to the world.
0	kathleen welcome to talk of the nation.
0	ugh please it's scary to think about.
0	oh it was a lot of fun.
0	i don't have a problem with that.
0	bill cunningham joins us now from cincinnati.
0	they spent some serious time on this.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	and in kunar hyder saw amazing things.
0	gerren taylor is a model and actress.
0	and it's because his brother screwed up.
0	in the end she didn't do it.
0	place where you might find a vassal.
0	sometimes people don't get lawyers at all.
0	there's such a stigma on mental illness.
0	what did you get for that virgil?
0	here's a kind of a naive question.
0	he wasn't talking to hard-core news reporters.
0	what about china and its production binge?
0	and it's happening right here in mississippi.
0	what happens to the jeanie johnson itself?
0	he is a political fixture in mississippi.
0	the republicans are realizing the same thing.
0	so remind us of last week's challenge.
0	and what he calls a spectacular view.
0	these places are very hard to reach.
0	it was just this atmosphere of change.
0	what is that slaves do not have?
0	what's on the agenda at that summit?
0	what were you feeling at that moment?
0	mohsin hamid insists that migration is inevitable.
0	and somehow i got into carpet cleaning.
0	these are introduced with very minimum oversight.
0	here's a question people are still asking.
0	and then i started choking up again.
0	i think it's the uniqueness of it.
0	no no signs of that thank god.
0	there were about 142 cardinals there today.
0	how would you like to do it?
0	yeah because he'd invaded the soviet union.
0	is that something that you have considered?
0	there were a lot of young people.
0	seven people have been arrested so far.
0	really give them their chance to innovate.
0	we're looking for a five-fold increase there.
0	forty-two percent say obama should give ground.
0	not that anybody wants to hear that.
0	i don't think this tweet clarifies matters.
0	and michele kelemen let's start with you.
0	you know what your mindset you know.
0	today we read from last weekend's assignment.
0	so what's your takeaway from your tenure?
0	we chat politics over hummus and falafel.
0	it's so nice to have you here.
0	billions of people are going to move.
0	we'd also like to thank daisy whitney.
0	millions more will play baseball fantasy soccer.
0	he's been here now for three months.
0	she's an artist living in san francisco.
0	violence anywhere in the world affects everybody.
0	some teachers were really why do this?
0	the country is not there with them.
0	although unlike blockbuster nothing is ever out.
0	and i have some experience with gps.
0	and that is making germans very nervous.
0	i'm sure it must scare your mother.
0	chris i'm going to start with you.
0	he got it in got it in.
0	north korea doesn't trust the chinese completely.
0	those republicans are disappointed in mitt romney.
0	a lot of the pro-reform teachers resigned.
0	i mean you got to you know.
0	intersections is a new box cd set.
0	number one ice does have that responsibility.
0	cathy cardenas has a solution to that.
0	it's really good to hear the flipside.
0	there's an example of a moderate president.
0	the fda does look at that carefully.
0	so that's sort of the success story.
0	yes it's a big russian city linda.
0	and jason's with us from phoenix arizona.
0	jim's calling us from fort wayne indiana.
0	they wanted me to have an outlet.
0	said he giving me three more here.
0	so one year we didn't do it.
0	that was npr congressional correspondent claudia grisales.
0	and of course agricultural land is zero-sum.
0	that would hide a sled is right.
0	earthquakes are still happening around the area.
0	but here's the thing about this walking.
0	let's go to ed in frederick maryland.
0	and so many things go into it.
0	no actually harry truman did not nominate.
0	and all these horrible things would happen.
0	but our ports of entry need improvements.
0	this is from parker in madison wisconsin.
0	in other words the wall is down.
0	like there isn't one type of white.
0	and how do you cope with it?
0	what if you are lazier than that?
0	this is not a bank that's right.
0	they'll also be involved in the negotiations.
0	i'm always wanting to take the lead.
0	are they going to hurt my baby?
0	i just want to keep stressing that.
0	it's not going to be like iraq.
0	so where do these things come from?
0	what can you tell us about him?
0	the lyrics were clever and bitingly funny.
0	she's been there for about a year.
0	her name she reminded me was glenda.
0	i think both those things are true.
0	and i mean it was very emotional.
0	there's a guy named saleh mohammed ok.
0	i think i'm going to keep this.
0	the official title there is actually mayor-president.
0	so did training make these people smarter?
0	i was going to ask you that.
0	they were just quoting this bland generalizations.
0	do you have an answer for them?
0	tim is on the line from reno.
0	they might still deliver a surprise tomorrow.
0	and we had a really great time.
0	the swarm has about 10,000 worker bees.
0	he says he wants to join mayahuel.
0	i didn't even picket in the '60s.
0	here's a bit from his inauguration speech.
0	that's sort of what their thinking is.
0	we have written about it on npr.
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	time we thought for an olive branch.
0	what kind of difference has it made?
0	and i felt that i was accepted.
0	the bombing forced a lot of change.
0	he crushed the cavity of her trachea.
0	yeah kind of a very femmy person.
0	is the website right now called treeoflife.
0	it was a gold rush and more.
0	it was a matter of saving lives.
0	and they're all just cheering and shouting.
0	what have you noticed about iowa voters?
0	and my book really goes into that.
0	how should they take care of themselves?
0	yeah let's just explain what that is.
0	i was born in the bible belt.
0	that's exactly what we called that house.
0	some democrats fear political damage from acting.
0	there's two girls chained   to the fence.
0	secrecy is like a shot of novocaine.
0	in effect they put insurance on sale.
0	you know we're not launching rocket ships.
0	and then i went to junior high.
0	have you been pulled out for security?
0	so that's hard for him to watch.
0	that's where we find npr's greg allen.
0	it's like well i'm talking aren't i?
0	she had more records than i did.
0	and it was really important to him.
0	i'm a p-12 l-1 spinal cord injury.
0	like they're watching they're always watching us.
0	some residents will have low water pressure.
0	hammerworld excuse me let me restrain myself.
0	the washington post reported this in 2007.
0	i never even saw her you know.
0	it's kind of a contest of gas.
0	seems like nobody could make a decision.
0	and when you're going from singing shy.
0	that's probably one of the worst around.
0	could you support a measure like that?
0	senator charles grassley a republican from iowa.
0	npr's kelsey snell for us this morning.
0	frank morris of member station of kcur.
0	tim pawlenty could be the remainder candidate.
0	thanks so much for your time tom.
0	more than 400 people have been arrested.
0	could there be other undiscovered places that.
0	the biggest private buyout in u.s. history.
0	and what has she be writing about?
0	somewhat certainly more than it used to.
0	npr's allison aubrey covers food and health.
0	you have brought in a meal yourself.
0	let's listen to some tape of him.
0	some people would say oh yes absolutely.
0	we do have to talk about it.
0	she's just a mom like everyone else.
0	we're walking alongside there with my dad.
0	he's the ceo and chair of ge.
0	judd gregg republican senator from new hampshire.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	so like jesus i too am circumcised.
0	he had to take them with him.
0	the slave codes of south carolina 1739.
0	everyone finds creative ways to attract talent.
0	he didn't even miss his brother anymore.
0	the actual audience numbers are going down.
0	they're in brighter colors than ever before.
0	there's a link to it at npr.
0	so not just u.s. going it alone.
0	or you might say it's mind-numbingly complex.
0	that chicken does look like phyllis diller.
0	in this case with a cock robin.
0	and they wanted to offer them something.
0	and they were buried in there alive.
0	so i don't intend to go anywhere.
0	you have to be willing to fail.
0	julia buckley gave up retail for radio.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we begin this morning with north korea.
0	bailey works for the national native network.
0	why do you keep the bad ones?
0	and i think that's how they're proceeding.
0	of course old blue eyes loved it.
0	but she says she is planning to.
0	all right buddy we'll catch you later.
0	you know it's a great political family.
0	well the pictures are nice and sharp.
0	he's a very nice guy my father.
0	but that's unlikely suggested the sunday times.
0	no i want you to see it.
0	is there any basis to the argument?
0	inside maghreb prayers after sunset are commencing.
0	are you by chance a vicious criminal?
0	and mr. manby let's begin with you.
0	i mean computers and these electronic devices.
0	what should we interpret by this action?
0	today's puzzle is called at the middle.
0	another report shows falling home prices today.
0	so we decided to take a picture.
0	viet le worked at a taco bell.
0	go through some of those with us.
0	the wildly popular show just opened here.
0	well no wonder they won't sit still.
0	and did you ever find out why?
0	and now he's all cocky about it?
0	probably closer to for four foot eight.
0	reninger says you can't bring it in.
0	even though he got into berkeley apparently.
0	am i better than i was before?
0	well you know that's   pretty much gone.
0	it's part of what makes us special.
0	he's been less successful on that front.
0	nice scott meidroth of st. louis mo.
0	i think tonight there's some obvious contrast.
0	until then don't drive like my father.
0	and he smiles as he says that.
0	so what if franz ferdinand had lived?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	what would you like me to do?
0	now they're not allowed to do this.
0	we are encouraging offshore exploration and production.
0	have you gotten all your back pay?
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	we have to end it there unfortunately.
0	the courses are also popular in churches.
0	we're back with talk of the nation.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	what does this verdict mean to you?
0	so there is a change i think.
0	just don't try to be anything else.
0	right because it is everything to her.
0	is this a large percentage or   just.
0	and general odom you worked in intelligence.
0	you can go all over the place.
0	how did this part come to you?
0	the first brought down power lines wednesday.
0	like i said i admired her wit.
0	emily welcome to talk of the nation.
0	we give you one for squirrel fricassee.
0	he joined us by phone from europe.
0	and of course the context is different.
0	so we're setting the record straight here.
0	it deposits itself in those open spaces.
0	dad this is going out to you.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	that's a vivid memory i must say.
0	i'll see you in heaven one day.
0	and yet this is still coming up.
0	a bourbon and soda to be exact.
0	and then he just burst out crying.
0	in north carolina it's six to one.
0	take for example the gay marriage issue.
0	it was just i just couldn't breathe.
0	i think we're running neck and neck.
0	i lost quite a lot you know.
0	he shouldn't boast about his war record.
0	there was dillinger they gunned down dillinger.
0	certainly the campaign is very testosterone heavy.
0	here's an e-mail from joel in tallahassee.
0	molly you can grill a chicken breast.
0	the name change happened 50 years ago.
0	i still haven't decided how to celebrate.
0	in fact slightly more one tick up.
0	let's talk about the ultimate grilled dish.
0	do you think you're capable of it?
0	she's much more famous than aeneas really.
0	and so i went into the room.
0	well i'm in a town called hillsville.
0	now to a provocative theory about cancer.
0	do you buy that at all greg?
0	karen   grigsby bates npr news los angeles.
0	how are they different than their parents?
0	you can't necessarily say about hbcu games.
0	just ask longtime resident earl wingate iii.
0	certainly thrilled to be on your show.
0	our last official day was july 3rd.
0	well he didn't focus on it intensely.
0	what do you do there   in massachusetts?
0	michael thanks very much for the call.
0	no no. that's a very good point.
0	what happens if something doesn't work out?
0	he can read it off the website.
0	you know she i'm missing some change.
0	and the show is like an hour.
0	ian brown normally broadcast on the cbc.
0	and there is one from my father.
0	the year before that we exchanged slingshots.
0	nothing i've really been able to find.
0	but then i'll be in a restaurant.
0	let me try this for a second.
0	and so that has been in place.
0	he's been writing about lebanese security forces.
0	they're angry that the relief hasn't come.
0	that's the peace agreement for eastern ukraine.
0	everyone else issues at best half apologies.
0	dr. glenn forbes the ceo at mayo-rochester.
0	chris thanks very much for the call.
0	well thank you very much for that.
0	michael thanks very much for the call.
0	i've had times when i couldn't walk.
0	and then the president sort of laughs.
0	and i knew something wasn't quite right.
0	i mentioned we've reached you in blytheville.
0	people want to become documentary films called.
0	good to be with you always tony.
0	and heather tells us it's our prescription.
0	i once caught a fish this big!
0	you know this is a funny thing.
0	who is more ethical men or women?
0	act two the defense of marriage act.
0	he orders it to be blown up.
0	i had my opportunity at that moment.
0	here's robert mueller in his opening statement.
0	and he's very popular with evangelical leaders.
0	number one you can look at children.
0	and i hope he gets a scholarship.
0	they were each other's largest trading partners.
0	we've gotten asked it a lot today.
0	act one what really happens in marriage.
0	our tour guide picks up a guitar.
0	a little bit different than the senate.
0	let's go to brian in columbus ohio.
0	wanda sykes you grew up in maryland.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	i'm going to call you a pitcher.
0	lawmakers are trying to draft national standards.
0	i write it down in a notebook.
0	and it put him on the map.
0	detroit's going to win this thing now.
0	it seems very unlikely in this setting.
0	smith's letter got a lot of attention.
0	well then we're in agreement then yeah.
0	and i know that doesn't exist anymore.
0	acoca says she's amazed at their resilience.
0	the hardest part was taking out songs.
0	call to wish you a good evening.
0	no new taxpayer money would be used.
0	the question is how much is enough?
0	science is real from astrophysics to biology.
0	it's applebee's barrie which is my hometown.
0	well that's exactly what steve murray did.
0	artists who have injuries they see more.
0	ed i'm not going to lie man.
0	modern islam not in the old days.
0	and she apologized for causing us trouble.
0	and it takes a lot of time.
0	but he got a lot of encouragement.
0	and i don't make them feel bad.
0	she specializes in korean music and culture.
0	are they looking over at the drinks?
0	amy dickinson i think you should answer.
0	and he joined us from their studios.
0	i mean you've got to remember that.
0	these are not easy decisions to make.
0	there's nothing wrong at taking a look.
0	you could have bought me a tie.
0	we have major freeways that are closed.
0	the data on this question is unequivocal.
0	you're on the air go ahead please.
0	i can't wait to see it myself.
0	what was your experience on the jury?
0	let's go to the winter of 2003.
0	scott and carrie rayson in nashville tennessee.
0	do you have thoughts of suicide insomnia?
0	and i didn't want to pass out.
0	it was the stoic versus the showman.
0	it's not far from there it is.
0	and i was healed too he said.
0	that's not what you're talking about today.
0	we're talking about the abortion debate today.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	greg thanks so much for joining us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and i stopped for a long time.
0	well what would be the possible explanations?
0	they have water and they have plants.
0	the device was about maybe four inches.
0	he's not involved in politics that way.
0	and he pretty much lost that one.
0	that's exactly what i did as whip.
0	you're where right now at the airport?
0	for a long time no one comes.
0	that's a very astute very smart question.
0	yeah i'd have to go with flight.
0	after all taxpayers are paying for them.
0	it all has to do with guile.
0	the family suspected some sort of con.
0	nyaira was contacted by three facebook employees.
0	and that just became smaller and smaller.
0	we drive there in her red mustang.
0	and you have to land the plane.
0	here we go you're on the radio.
0	how often do you see her now?
0	the story was first broadcast in 2001.
0	we are totally focused on john mccain.
0	it's very easy to get to london.
0	large houses or apartments here in mayfair?
0	judge fallon   has promised a speedy trial.
0	no i don't understand them at all.
0	it was something like almost 220,000 inmates.
0	both   countries have troops deployed in iraq.
0	npr's ron elving thank you so much.
0	and so began a rigorous application process.
0	and the fact is she never did.
0	ok oh that's where we came in.
0	let say you're having a dinner party.
0	museums have not been opening their doors.
0	this is joann santiago in bedford mass.
0	cokie that is some amazing old tape.
0	and he and his family escaped yarmouk.
0	like what did you say to that?
0	i'm going to go with mickey rourke.
0	but you've been dubbed the hip-hop cop.
0	i met my wife in a bar.
0	so you know you can be married.
0	i mean it was all very fascinating.
0	well he was mostly about harvey pekar.
0	but again every day we learn more.
0	she's not literally accosted and so on.
0	it wasn't something i could deal with.
0	skipping the elevator and the cafeteria entirely.
0	they cannot be fighting all their life.
0	but in fact where did he go?
0	craig thanks so much and good luck.
0	and have a happy holiday to you.
0	thanks so much cokie really appreciate it.
0	they're all up there on the   sciencefriday.
0	and there was this whole little community.
0	the lies they tell are usually appealing.
0	mark zandi is co-founder of moody's economy.
0	and nobody had real humanity to them.
0	these are the questions that haunt him.
0	i guess for me it's been cathartic.
0	did you get a sense of that?
0	i'm afraid we're out of time sir.
0	roxana saberi turned 32 today in prison.
0	you know it's hard being a human.
0	they were neutral in world war ii.
0	how do they know it's the stereo?
0	i mean it's a very complicated question.
0	it started from a very low base.
0	and a bystander was shot and killed.
0	seventy-four-year-old anita lynch takes the long view.
0	the bbc's jonah fisher in khartoum sudan.
0	thanks to everybody who called and wrote.
0	she's speaking to us from prattville ala.
0	both of them were treated like kings.
0	rob lowe joins us from new york.
0	it seems like somehow they are untouchable.
0	all right our apologies for that error.
0	did you think that was ridiculous too?
0	in her hospital nursery soap is scarce.
0	and kim lives- i don't live downtown.
0	i'm a journalism major by the way.
0	so far two people are confirmed dead.
0	well you're ready to settle down now.
0	but i don't like associate with math.
0	and rob is with us from virginia.
0	his satan is sort of a politician.
0	how black reporters report on black death.
0	he paid for a lot of tonight.
0	originality you know it just feels   comfortable.
0	one sip and her palate goes wild.
0	you know sox fan versus cubs fan.
0	but it was called flo's i think.
0	and they lost a lot of it.
0	so you want to know the details.
0	they're really cool and just really friendly.
0	and it's become a master of everything.
0	there is this blurring of the lines.
0	and rani got pregnant again and again.
0	and tom in response seems astonishingly ungrateful.
0	well it's a difficult question to answer.
0	steven you know the answer to that?
0	we're just waiting at the entrance now.
0	himena insists she barely left the house.
0	kirk siegler npr news grand junction colo.
0	captain auge says he can provide work.
0	walter isaacson's book is marvelous about einstein.
0	let's go to larry in sheridan oregon.
0	finally growth is going to catch up.
0	no it's not like that at all.
0	is global warming going to affect anything?
0	let's hear from james mcgaugh on that.
0	now we got to show something different.
0	so how did he tell you this?
0	there are trains going through philadelphia regularly.
0	marcus womack is the division's general manager.
0	you'd there would have to be evidence.
0	always good to talk to you steve.
0	on screen are pictures of the deceased.
0	the white house is solidly behind gillibrand.
0	you have bombastic trump on one side.
0	where can we meet in the middle?
0	so our emotions are kind of gone.
0	refugee advocates are already blasting the results.
0	but classrooms need to be filled now.
0	josh you're on talk of the nation.
0	and those jobs largely disappear as well.
0	thanks very much for the call steve.
0	in their house what do they do?
0	oh you can really taste the strawberry.
0	they're in large shallow tanks called raceways.
0	they said does the woman want help?
0	yeah and it's a really important car.
0	as for the justice department's narrow definition.
0	npr's domenico montanaro joining us this morning.
0	joseph shapiro of npr's investigative unit explains.
0	still they don't disagree on every issue.
0	and if it's garbage you disregard it.
0	and here he is in this apartment.
0	it is a deep impulse within us.
0	they are good at the conservative act.
0	they had this fold over front area.
0	and the u.s. tightened its rules too.
0	and he's also now a presidential candidate.
0	i couldn't the differences are so stark.
0	it says gun gun ski masks nerds.
0	from ariella the little girl next door.
0	blacks as a group have a disconnect.
0	you wrote a biography of thurgood marshall.
0	is that a problem for mr. bush?
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	i'm just going to observe from afar.
0	so i think it's been really good.
0	her opponent's style couldn't be more different.
0	and i'm just really really enjoying it.
0	he throws a stone back one stone.
0	but many voting rights advocates remain worried.
0	india and china they have voracious appetites.
0	how much have you raised so far?
0	thanks so much for joining us here.
0	on fridays we focus on your money.
0	this does not bode well for me.
0	could we have that music again please?
0	because out there it's an embarrassing thing.
0	we won't repeat exactly the same mistake.
0	so that was what that song was.
0	well a number of things have happened.
0	and we didn't want to do that.
0	okay then what else is at stake?
0	also today a greek reporter was stabbed.
0	it still seems like a three-way race.
0	ailes is 76 and in flagging health.
0	but it's chitty for me i think.
0	that's a large fraction of that population.
0	you know it's not really very much.
0	gone the exalted status of an arch-antagonist.
0	take 41-year-old david smith a financial planner.
0	okay well that's a good journalistic answer.
0	they just got tired of doing it.
0	the shape of diamonds it is shocking.
0	bart good to talk with you again.
0	but he is mad now also mad.
0	will built his digital replica last year.
0	its repercussions are still being felt politically.
0	immediately betsy lay down on her blanket.
0	retired army lieutenant general russel honore disagrees.
0	now it is unlikely that it will.
0	nick did not know him at all.
0	she was off to north carolina state.
0	he knew what he was doing though.
0	this wasn't the quake he was expecting.
0	but it's not an entirely obvious course.
0	she joined us this morning from cairo.
0	and we finally did see each other.
0	but lets put the babys name in.
0	can i have your credit card please?
0	and she said well let's try it.
0	i was in med school in pakistan.
0	because you're embarrassed of your father anyways.
0	chip rogers thank you for joining us.
0	act three legend of a bankrobber's son.
0	but he said i looked like one.
0	these fishermen need to be better integrated.
0	wow so you were evacuated three times?
0	how do you know she supports me?
0	jeff brady npr news fort saskatchewan alberta.
0	a few blocks away is tahrir square.
0	its hard to come on the air.
0	where does he want to take us?
0	i'm david greene in for scott simon.
0	i just mean it's tough to see.
0	we usually do these kind of together.
0	the obama administration did the same thing.
0	nelda delessio had come to leave roses.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	here's an email from don in massachusetts.
0	and i'll take comments off the air.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	there was a lot they didn't know.
0	she tries to put him at ease.
0	they drink maybe some wine or something.
0	andy beyer as always thanks very much.
0	and so the that style doesn't work.
0	and it's graduation time as you know.
0	but for the other kids listen up.
0	it seemed like a beautiful new mall.
0	we started to generate our own information.
0	maggie milinovitch is one of the owners.
0	as for how he's viewed in town.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	let's go to ann in adrian michigan.
0	well you're a couple of damn liars.
0	the second problem is that teacher shortage.
0	npr's sylvia poggioli has this look back.
0	she invented a family called the mccrearys.
0	he decides what goes to the floor.
0	well didn't they say they'd be here?
0	but that was hard to tell yesterday.
0	i will make this up to you.
0	as we got older she'd say maybe.
0	mary thanks very much for the call.
0	so the mccrearys had a summer house.
0	and barack has to show he's viable.
0	you see my picture in the paper?
0	she's talked about her husband a lot.
0	so that's what you have to do.
0	we don't know who's on the panel.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	like he told you what to say.
0	donna pete we'll see you guys manana.
0	humans and pets partnering through the years.
0	did we get what we paid for?
0	i go there to think about chocolate.
0	the marches took place throughout the country.
0	the toy monkey is pretty beat up.
0	well they perceive me as no threat.
0	we hope to travel back to china.
0	we do quite a bit of that.
0	well i'm glad you asked that question.
0	one is we deport everybody on tuesday.
0	it doesn't include a guest worker program.
0	but he knew all during that time.
0	but the caller's point is exactly right.
0	and he stopped in front of me.
0	connie is calling us from st. louis.
0	npr's mary louise kelly has the story.
0	i did not mean to do that.
0	and then we can talk about it.
0	act three the hissing of winter lawns.
0	was communication a problem in your training?
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	the time for digging in is over.
0	she was different her mother was different.
0	for decades native americans have held powwows.
0	it's also saved a lot of money.
0	sleep deprivation being put into a box.
0	alain juppe is leading in the polls.
0	and what is it you can remember?
0	well the same's true of our mind.
0	they were like oh it's not available.
0	they can move the world and what.
0	in fact they want to eat more.
0	he does stand up for his men.
0	you want to hit the ground running.
0	you know different depending on different studies.
0	trump spoke by telephone with mexico's president.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	i'm not either but i'm pretty sure.
0	tyler says he doesn't dance for attention.
0	look at all the languages they speak.
0	stephen nessen of member nation wnyc reports.
0	and this was a kid in venezuela.
0	let's go to day 10 october 23rd.
0	are you going to get your tree?
0	who did you listen to last night?
0	he's got other things on his mind.
0	but some of them have failed also.
0	my buddy i shouldn't be so casual.
0	and you're listening to day to day.
0	and everybody clapped and everybody hugged him.
0	lou cannon reagan biographer former newspaper reporter.
0	each side has its sets of demands.
0	when did you first meet cap weinberger?
0	and she's worried she won't get one.
0	but that took three months to uncover.
0	ross-spang says that's part of the fun.
0	what else you want to know honey?
0	it seems so stupid not to talk.
0	so it really is a generational issue.
0	because it could have happened to anybody.
0	the kids are drinking sodas and belching.
0	and so that was the game plan.
0	the nurse left work at five o'clock.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	saad learned english while studying in scotland.
0	a scientist's truth involves measurements and reproducibility.
0	i've been to a couple of games.
0	joanna marsh is curator of the exhibition.
0	i thought i'd forgotten all about it.
0	he also has the backing of egypt.
0	and others have pulled out as well.
0	inside the church the viewing has begun.
0	well his body was in new york.
0	tyler richardson has a lot of energy.
0	physiologically they looked quite calm and composed.
0	now we're hearing similar talk in afghanistan.
0	and we have it in both designs.
0	he was also protesting at the embassy.
0	that 21 miles of walking every day.
0	and i ran out to the store.
0	and you're just like i'm really sorry.
0	i'm keeping my day job at sloan-kettering.
0	ashley rossi she's an editor at smartertravel.
0	kevin listen to me for a second.
0	i don't care how old he is.
0	it is sacrosanct when stories are performed.
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	and there was no fear in it.
0	let's face it and with good reason.
0	the united states will remain in bahrain.
0	well we've got to figure it out.
0	thanks very much for the call john.
0	is that where he stands this week?
0	but the 17th street canal has changed.
0	she joins me now in our studio.
0	so frequently they'll wear caps and gloves.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	the deadline for the exchange was friday.
0	that's him here and that's him there.
0	and let's see they both say belts.
0	he wasn't actually required to prove anything.
0	johnny vaughan will demonstrate karaoke for you.
0	i've seen no evidence of a campaign.
0	but in the meantime enjoy the fall.
0	i'm waiting for jack kemp to announce.
0	michele bachmann accused the president of weakness.
0	not even one piece of french fries.
0	for me it's mostly a part-time thing.
0	one reason is that it's relative rare.
0	they were a pleasure to have around.
0	like i said anything's better than $4.25.
0	for npr news i'm gillian ferris kohl.
0	for governors that might sum it up.
0	coming up suburban child wants unhappy childhood.
0	people want things like in absolute terms.
0	today is the anniversary of hurricane katrina.
0	like it's glorious and we're both happy.
0	you know that was always an abomination.
0	he's my best friend so is bethany.
0	and let me brag a little bit.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	it was a letter from fred rogers.
0	he's a researcher at george mason university.
0	john thanks very much for the call.
0	it was chockfull of mardi gras beads.
0	and we just thought oh my gosh.
0	or kp as they used to say.
0	then we put dj on the phone.
0	and so she was doing an adoption.
0	all students should have access to technology.
0	i think part of it is willful.
0	for the latest we've got roxanne lawson.
0	elise with us from charlottesville in virginia.
0	well this is such a tragedy farai.
0	we see a big variety of foods.
0	new orleans will always be my home.
0	yes i said take the word easily.
0	she walked around with it at rec.
0	what are things you miss the most?
0	but i have it by a decade.
0	and i'm like well wait a second.
0	you can read some samples at npr.
0	how do you respond to their complaint?
0	what we offer is called a globaco.
0	now it just makes me a jerk.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	uh oh wait back to the game.
0	i had a feeling of total understanding.
0	oh good he's there on radio road.
0	he's going to have to defend himself.
0	also syria is a subject of concern.
0	howard metzenbaum is a very good guess.
0	first stop the political battleground of wisconsin.
0	i think he learned how to negotiate.
0	but to recap ukraine is the country.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	i think you're doing a great job.
0	tune in every friday for more snapshots.
0	it brands atlanta as a black city.
0	and she really shed her islamic religion.
0	yeah we've been playing for a while.
0	and let's get mark on the line.
0	so you feel pretty secure about it?
0	you never really know who's in charge.
0	and my belief is not about hunting.
0	thanks very much for the call adam.
0	he will try to wait us out.
0	but black folks don't want gay folks?
0	i think the jury is still out.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	and he says the alerts are targeted.
0	you know there's about 50 new members.
0	the city encourages hip-hop videos in atlanta.
0	cooling centers for people in south dakota?
0	and i say wonderful shake the foundations.
0	well let me call you sam then.
0	but he notes people are pulling together.
0	but we appreciate the phone call bj.
0	well i know it ain't this way.
0	things are getting really strict out here.
0	i recognized biggers when i see them.
0	and at my side producer christopher johnson.
0	and so this week it's michio kaku.
0	thanks very much for the call boyd.
0	i couldn't hear beyond the screaming today.
0	you don't have to find a mate.
0	food is not a metaphor for life.
0	and so far conflict has meant murder.
0	there's a lot of instability and anxiety.
0	who decides what really is a story?
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	ken rudin is with us as always.
0	presently our   food-aid program is highly inefficient.
0	but wouldn't be surprised if it has.
0	it was just one thing after another.
0	nice of you to be with us.
0	yes my family is still in nigeria.
0	no new licenses since the early '70s.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	shine your light of reason on them.
0	i mean just like gone in cnn.
0	maybe it doesn't have any new ideas.
0	do you wish you were out there?
0	it's something a little different and new.
0	there's so much to cover this week.
0	and even the numbers are in dispute.
0	i want to ask one more question.
0	eric thanks very much for the call.
0	it really is already a bipartisan issue.
0	china needs to become this great power.
0	scruggs's indictment came at an interesting time.
0	let's get a listener on the line.
0	he won three golf tournaments last year.
0	now who's driving that us or you?
0	now that's down to about $2 million.
0	i mean now you have another chance.
0	and you know it's a tense situation.
0	egypt officially regards itself as a democracy.
0	tell us about harriet miers the lawyer.
0	it will be inside the west   bank.
0	today that officially came to an end.
0	he calls regional's facility fee wildly abnormal.
0	we're putting a police station in there.
0	you can't just jam people with it.
0	in recent days it got longer still.
0	tell us what happened at the school.
0	we work very hard at doing that.
0	and that's the latest in the explanations.
0	thanks very much for the call jackie.
0	this was like a six-week intense experience.
0	what do you think we can learn?
0	well this has been a long strand.
0	that's npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson in cairo.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	personally i don't believe in haunted things.
0	how do you get your novel published?
0	first skyrocketing fuel costs cut into revenues.
0	and does her father stay in touch?
0	john p. murtha of pennsylvania dead today.
0	and then all of a sudden elvis.
0	but mississippi is an extremely red state.
0	this is a crisis for the organization.
0	but i'm confident we'll come through it.
0	the first challenge is to grow gracefully.
0	tony woodley is the union's general secretary.
0	the panamanians said they found missile parts.
0	it will help us design more shoes.
0	danfung dennis how is sergeant harris doing?
0	so after july he should be free.
0	the word you're given is beach b-e-a-c-h.
0	here is longtime resident john wayne dunston.
0	here is objective proof that they can.
0	but here was the problem in translation.
0	i can understand where you're coming from.
0	leonard died this month at age 86.
0	thank you it's much cooler today so.
0	congressman castro thank you for joining us.
0	that had a big effect on me.
0	brenda lopez was one of those nonvoters.
0	doug neville with his friend ryan johnson.
0	this is about the next year's budget.
0	lynn let me ask you a question.
0	that was how porn was back then.
0	here's how the scam went for her.
0	but other migrants are still traveling north.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	but this is just an early step.
0	npr's mary louise kelly has that story.
0	how many troops after that are kept?
0	i understand how right-wing republicans do that.
0	number one male sheep who are intelligent.
0	they have a right to do so.
0	we were just like oh my gosh.
0	so it's this kind of double-sided coin.
0	who's the player to watch on mexico?
0	it will be difficult for the industry.
0	that could change if public opinion does.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	these are not new york city birds.
0	it's time now for all tech considered.
0	well it was actually a double event.
0	he hopes chocolate will be that incentive.
0	you know adoption is a wonderful thing.
0	and we use it as a game.
0	who's desk would you like to see?
0	make   no mistake these are bullying tactics.
0	i appreciate both of you coming on.
0	thanks so much for taking the time.
0	he walked away leaving the plane behind.
0	some people never show up for rehab.
0	theresa thanks very much for the call.
0	so that's 30 feet on the side.
0	he's here with us in studio 3a.
0	it's now up to 48 nobel laureates.
0	it is kind of a fancy brace.
0	i just used the term illegal immigrants.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	you're arguing against the politics of extremes.
0	so they're looking for that visual cue.
0	i can't say that the president   lied.
0	and we should say this is medicare.
0	julianna welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and people make a lot of resolutions.
0	we've been able to hire these folks.
0	a global economic gift gushed the australian.
0	this year's lineup was announced on tuesday.
0	the proprietor was one of the detainees.
0	but you can't keep it all out.
0	and the goals are much more minimal.
0	i want to be with my children.
0	we have a lot of institutions yes.
0	he said it's not acceptable and then.
0	it's there's something political going on there.
0	might as well use the whole frog.
0	she says she was at their mercy.
0	so it's all in the yuck spit?
0	well i don't think we really know.
0	jamie tarabay npr news in qawza lebanon.
0	so that's the risk that they're taking.
0	and also money to develop scientific minds.
0	what are your favorite sources of education?
0	it's not everything it's the only thing.
0	so maybe that discredits everything i say.
0	he defeated the city controller wendy greuel.
0	i'm like we live until we die.
0	you know what am i chopped liver?
0	a warrant's been issued for her arrest.
0	don't be afraid to bring it up.
0	well i mean we have many donors.
0	well all of this is about competence.
0	murtaja recently posted a photo on facebook.
0	he was charged tried as an adult.
0	glad to be on the program dave.
0	he may offer it on the floor.
0	the program includes random regular drug testing.
0	well i think she certainly has been.
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	it   looks like a miniature space heater.
0	helene krasnoff is planned parenthood's lead counsel.
0	they get supported by these interest groups.
0	but i want to make a point.
0	it's because there's a lack of roles.
0	the oda being the green beret unit.
0	and that is the thing to me.
0	maybe   you could just tell that to.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and after that we can go   out.
0	maybe one of the other guests knows.
0	i don't know if that's the case.
0	what had been legal just became illegal.
0	they are really really really good but.
0	that's los angeles police chief william bratton.
0	i guess that's beyond me so whatever.
0	so they're the most densely packed forests.
0	that's what this litigation is all about.
0	everyone is dying all of the time.
0	but you still can't buy the presidency.
0	so what are pitchers going to do?
0	he wants to know why humor evolved.
0	i'm a psychiatrist actually a child psychiatrist.
0	it goes beyond our method of testing.
0	but they say it's a good start.
0	and how when did you start joel?
0	he also became the on-call fix-it man.
0	is that a steroid kind of drug?
0	humans just aren't able to do it.
0	thank you both for speaking with us.
0	soraya sarhaddi nelson npr news farah city.
0	well i take no pleasure in this.
0	shai has it been easy for you?
0	so he finally well not so organized.
0	npr's alix spiegel has this encore presentation.
0	yes it was a very happy one.
0	she had just gotten out of jail.
0	ok so that was the defense's argument.
0	they don't go to church as often.
0	and i don't know if that works.
0	now he wanted to go into beekeeping.
0	there's less greenery and trees in cities.
0	and the trip was canceled for weather.
0	thank you for being with us laura.
0	what do you make of that claim?
0	that's why you smothered him didn't you?
0	they are absolutely a part of history.
0	i'm putting   peanut butter on your toast.
0	a futile worker who gave people sass.
0	that's going to be tough to achieve.
0	can i just follow up on that?
0	santorum has already been campaigning for months.
0	so he had no place to run.
0	clearly we don't agree with the assessment.
0	that's school books for a couple semesters.
0	don't every say your car is broke.
0	it'll be probably after midnight central time.
0	so instead the u.s. offered a ship.
0	npr's ivan watson in northern iraqi kurdistan.
0	a mixed couple test virginia's miscegenation law.
0	that's jean jennings editor-in-chief of automobile magazine.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	i always called it the tensor tympani.
0	and that's sort of what compassion does.
0	how did you get out of this?
0	i grew up in a middle-class family.
0	eleanor crantz she was an all-time great.
0	you get that money in three payments.
0	may i describe what you are wearing?
0	but her group also has industry-specific concerns.
0	hey thank you thanks for having us.
0	well then there are tuneable hearing aids.
0	everyone is going to be hurt politically.
0	and ohio will very likely turn red.
0	james thanks very much for the call.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the nature of protest today is different.
0	he says it's the way to go.
0	they're on before school and after school.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	they will resume negotiations tonight at 7.
0	it was   obsessive-compulsive disorder exacerbated by ptsd.
0	well yes i understand that as well.
0	that's the concentration of phosphorus or nitrogen.
0	in tennis the wimbledon finals are set.
0	that was the idea at the start.
0	i have a suggestion that confidence-builder thing.
0	have you guys felt it at all?
0	that civil war has subsided for now.
0	it's a series of very controversial games.
0	i had a handgun for 30 years.
0	now you have a green light so.
0	hi and thanks for taking my call.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	for corporations the cuts would be permanent.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	actually there was the latest case friday.
0	on the other side of the border.
0	rob thanks very much for the call.
0	christopher's calling us from riverside in california.
0	this country is a collection of resources.
0	a.j. jacobs   joins us from new york.
0	are there things people should definitely avoid?
0	it's a consulting company in new york.
0	so how do you parse this out?
0	and robin this was an unannounced visit.
0	it didn't quite work out that way.
0	first of all we'd build on medicare.
0	right her fourth offense in three years.
0	i hadn't heard of that caucus before.
0	hi neal good to be with you.
0	so what was involved with this vote?
0	that was one of the technological problems.
0	you get the ghost of a t-shirt.
0	but in the movies everything was fine.
0	i think he walked down a river.
0	she's exhausted after cleaning 15 hotel rooms.
0	north korea is not even messing around.
0	and maybe that's not a bad thing.
0	ten and two and they arrested her?
0	well it depends on who's celebrating there.
0	i   believe america really has become complacent.
0	my best thoughts come late at night.
0	the rest do and voters take advantage.
0	well wind is not cheaper than nuclear.
0	and dancing just fills me with joy.
0	my son   did not have a chance.
0	let's talk about the plot a bit.
0	npr's karen grigsby bates visited the celebration.
0	and dr. osterholm welcome to the program.
0	we'll talk about dating violence in teens.
0	colin jost on weekend update last month.
0	all our reports are available at npr.
0	how would you describe your politics generally?
0	pipeline opponents built it two summers ago.
0	kathleen coleman helped her get through it.
0	let's go to louis in bethesda maryland.
0	one of his legs is still numb.
0	we're going to have to go back.
0	it's enjoying somewhat of a resurgence today.
0	oh my goodness what a small world.
0	i thought it was good policy then.
0	williams what did you see out there?
0	those were before the league championship series.
0	this is all he has to do.
0	financially their fundraising dropped by 50 percent.
0	these are george h. w. bush republicans.
0	what people like steve is their doctor.
0	so san francisco is turning to technology.
0	as of now i trust the government.
0	isn't the united states going to have.
0	and i'm kind of like it's irrelevant.
0	first of all he remained personally unpopular.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	at first there's a lot of denial.
0	so it cannot be about my life.
0	parts of the louisiana coast were evacuated.
0	our only problem is the manmade stuff.
0	from rio de janeiro catherine osborn reports.
0	but he's also been critical of trump.
0	child stars are a very easy target.
0	many of these newcomers are high-income residents.
0	and they take it very very hard.
0	george thanks very much for the call.
0	and they had done it very punk.
0	i think people know what's going on.
0	who do you think killed guglielmo olivotto?
0	i definitely wanted to be an actor.
0	you're in london right now on tour.
0	it puts upward pressure on interest rates.
0	they beat him with a baseball bat.
0	and it's been great speaking with you.
0	and now we're in the united states.
0	makes it hard to drive the cab?
0	in washington i'm susan stamberg npr news.
0	that's not enough how i see politics.
0	they've been marching for nearly an hour.
0	they don't bring it on a metro.
0	it sounds like sour grapes to me.
0	athens as in the capital of greece.
0	in the camps the troops fan out.
0	well there were kind of two motivations.
0	how did the army handle the   investigation?
0	rob schmitz of member station kqed reports.
0	twenty-three percent of residents are still unemployed.
0	behind the door is a refuge chamber.
0	the education of a british protected child.
0	well the european union will not dissolve.
0	so it's all a matter of speed.
0	we're seeing a trend in that direction.
0	she reported a stranger in her bathroom.
0	tell us about that a little bit.
0	npr's frank langfitt covers the auto industry.
0	but this is why people like him.
0	that is not a platitude in iraq.
0	so they know he's not a racist.
0	you know everything is not functioning properly.
0	well i have a whole lot of.
0	half of his customers are port workers.
0	i've had it burning on my skin.
0	he is about globalization and the oligarchy.
0	later in the hour you've seen them.
0	that was a part of the problem.
0	but clearly that is one added danger.
0	so what should we watch for today?
0	well this is a fairly new requirement.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	plumbers work like madmen during the game.
0	among this group barbara and gary ratner.
0	and i'm sorry that mommy's not here.
0	but it didn't strike down the expansion.
0	is that a strike in his favor?
0	dina temple-raston npr news port of spain.
0	what do you say to   those critics?
0	i don't know that it's necessarily backfired.
0	billionaire investor carl icahn majored in philosophy.
0	gayle you were rocking out to both.
0	his commissions and bonuses began to drop.
0	what we instead we need multiple indicators.
0	nathan thanks very much for the call.
0	now compare that with erin ford's experience.
0	he meant a whole lot to me.
0	the children have written letters to addiction.
0	i think he's had a bad month.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it doesn't look like an unkempt lawn.
0	it's an inner feeling a humanitarian feeling.
0	they're the ones that pick the strategies.
0	before he could finish i was crying.
0	npr's jason beaubien in the abaco islands.
0	specifically because you were a strike captain.
0	or maybe they don't like being watched.
0	and we are just burning everything out.
0	it's like encyclopedia but it's an insectopedia.
0	i respect him i respect the office.
0	yes well they're in most of texas.
0	it's a big institution with many centers.
0	and it kind of exorcized the demons.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	good to have you on the program.
0	we second have to keep good records.
0	don't ever say your car is broke.
0	thanks tam that must have been painful.
0	i bump into them all the time.
0	my experience is that it helps me.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	and i don't see this as symbolic.
0	she's been free for just four months.
0	well you know that's an interesting question.
0	last week security forces briefly detained guaido.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	and they don't tease me on it.
0	or take what's going on in iraq.
0	the teen threw himself on the ground.
0	mario thanks very much for the call.
0	and then he'll sit in the corner.
0	again some things are better not questioned.
0	doctors reassured her it wasnt her implants.
0	there is support certainly among some quarters.
0	like this is ok this is cool.
0	she spoke with us from austin texas.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	now the official estimate is nearly 3,000.
0	that's been hard for people to do.
0	mishleen thanks very much for the call.
0	well in our clinic it's somewhat typical.
0	it will create a one-and-three-quarter-trillion dollar deficit.
0	so you know it's a constant struggle.
0	here's an e-mail question this from anthony.
0	i would not go to that play.
0	you ran the kemp for president campaign.
0	i'm hoping you can find a way.
0	pablo arnaud is calexico's mexican counsel general.
0	you know they want to be there.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	how fast will you know this happen.
0	what was all the dark humor about?
0	and i felt i just got tickled.
0	but we're focusing on pakistan and al-qaida.
0	they rang totally off key he says.
0	it's going to be even more transparent.
0	they're calling the nomination a lost   opportunity.
0	now leading these protests was alexei navalny.
0	we're talking about ipods and hearing loss.
0	we go everywhere but that hasn't happened.
0	we're talking about bees with eric mussen.
0	bruno did you have the same reaction?
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	eight are charged with a hate crime.
0	really had no idea what to expect.
0	crematoriums and embalmers couldn't   handle that load.
0	this year they have people from delray.
0	over and over again ideology trumped governance.
0	i imagine that's what people would think.
0	waiting can produce a lot of anxiety.
0	yeah i guess they made a mistake.
0	i think the people are very sophisticated.
0	our phone number is 800-989-8255 that's 1-800-989-talk.
0	she certainly   swept into office in 1989.
0	i'm sure i didn't cover it thoroughly.
0	they're never that far apart in israel.
0	that's the issue people in flint mich.
0	in a way there's nothing new here.
0	stay with us we'll be right back.
0	we should just work on gall bladders.
0	what does he mean by our race?
0	at its heart it's a rollicking adventure.
0	so sweetie are you taking a shower?
0	good to have you on the program.
0	and that's the natural state of politics.
0	sometimes i'm on in the immigration debate.
0	i'll do other types anagrams or something.
0	i don't want to be that way.
0	in one sermon nimr disputed that claim.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	i think that's a really good question.
0	they're never in one place very long.
0	democrats are very distrustful of the president.
0	and i was this your friend luca?
0	they were left with nowhere to go.
0	it also gets a lot of advertising.
0	with our visitation that cannot happen anymore.
0	and they meant the world to me.
0	but you know i'm not typical either.
0	north korea is suspected of doing it.
0	but what did that $6 billion buy?
0	and eventually when they they were embarrassed.
0	so i think it was largely ineffective.
0	it was total sympathy towards the priest.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	that was huntsman last night in manchester.
0	that's a boost any candidate would want.
0	why did they know and we didn't?
0	i mean the hotels will be open.
0	over 30 years a lot of money.
0	and now i don't have that stress.
0	admiral one other thing occurs to me.
0	and did you watch the program richard?
0	i think there is in many ways.
0	and that's been the case this year.
0	canada has a coin that's worth $2.
0	ralph nader joins us in our studios.
0	she joined us from minnesota   public radio.
0	so the rules vary depending on location.
0	they are beyond excited they're so happy.
0	mark white is an attorney for victoryland.
0	how do the rich feel about this?
0	instead he unexpectedly lived for another year.
0	i don't know what's going to happen.
0	he's an economist at wake forest university.
0	and in many ways they're very similar.
0	at the parish level you're talking about?
0	so it's amazingly selfless in a way.
0	they're going to win the super bowl.
0	we have 40 million acres of grass.
0	so there is no across-the-board safe zone.
0	new republicans small-business boosters regulation haters e-traders.
0	and if it's offensive don't watch it.
0	and that wasn't all they didn't say.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	loren jenkins npr's outgoing senior foreign editor.
0	i want to show you the ad.
0	they're   setting up a church in africa.
0	alan   schwartz joins us from npr west.
0	thank you for being with us today.
0	essentially there are two main death benefits.
0	voices from some of the commemorations today.
0	people felt very powerless losing their kids.
0	i saw a lot of that though.
0	lassally's family fled to britain in 1939.
0	we need banks to start lending again.
0	well it was scott simon this time.
0	that's new york times reporter juliet macur.
0	he had this to say on npr.
0	how many more people have to suffer?
0	he eventually supports them through petty thievery.
0	please dont be scared of the marines.
0	may be a little sun roof too.
0	steven's with us from kennebunk in maine.
0	that's actually one of my favorite songs.
0	i'm doing my best to keep up.
0	he didn't have to talk about it.
0	it's about 200,000 dollars i think in.
0	that's what my husband and i do.
0	what was it that the nsa did?
0	the judges reset the fines usually drastically.
0	he's been campaigning always campaigning against earmarks.
0	merry was the content coordinator for that.
0	that's two thirds of the knesset members.
0	no one here fusses over their food.
0	and we're going to talk with lee.
0	edward thanks very much for the call.
0	in some areas the floodwaters are receding.
0	of course i knew what she meant.
0	i'm not touching that herring no no.
0	and let's get jeff on the line.
0	but yeah paris is fine for americans.
0	i could never find the verbs but.
0	and they're still saying that now post-election.
0	because the marathon is in six days.
0	and for a while that was true.
0	i am coming to birmingham yeah yeah.
0	our number here is washington is 800-989-8255.
0	jennifer trevillian was one of those parents.
0	you can write to us at npr.
0	i don't mean simply black and white.
0	we need to play it by ear.
0	it's pretty much what it sounds like.
0	it was billed as an issues conference.
0	that thing is barely twitching at all.
0	but croft says occupations often drag on.
0	in particular a system called regenerative braking.
0	and what she's found isn't all grim.
0	so the whole issue was very complicated.
0	i was surprised that he'd contacted us.
0	and then dr. herter do you agree?
0	it could easily be mistaken for iowa.
0	india says it wants the charges dropped.
0	that's the last-minute get out the vote.
0	and we can do better than that.
0	talk to some of our officers today.
0	anyway let's see if we can go.
0	from member station wbur curt nickisch reports.
0	yeah hi thanks for taking my call.
0	that was decided a long time ago.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. hooper.
0	that was npr senior correspondent juan williams.
0	when morale goes up crime goes down.
0	we're going to turn now to insurance.
0	it's not the best place for questioning.
0	and that's unlikely to change is it?
0	that's going to start on october 18.
0	our story was produced by youth radio.
0	carol though it must be awfully frustrating.
0	sean bean and peter   sarsgaard also star.
0	there is really two distinct issues here.
0	but i've got to tell you that.
0	elizabeth thanks very much for the call.
0	and we're just talking about state law.
0	we had you know time to talk.
0	what's the mood there in the square?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	nice to have you back with us.
0	the lay down has two different levels.
0	there's already existing trade relationships family relationships.
0	and an email from william in menomonie.
0	it's day to day from npr news.
0	some were very overwhelming in their scope.
0	and then she took pictures of her.
0	arnie's army is still in full force.
0	he stirred up feelings on all sides.
0	well that's one way of putting it.
0	well i strongly agree with the caller.
0	well there are a couple of things.
0	julie is calling us from new orleans.
0	he's new york bureau chief of variety.
0	those units now will not move in.
0	what do you think about that question?
0	from member station kqed jason margolis reports.
0	you know they've got wildfires you know?
0	and boys don't want to be skinny.
0	what meaning does it hold for you?
0	you keep doing it again and again.
0	not a state capital no. but think.
0	judges may have life and death powers.
0	how did it turn out for you?
0	they got people off at 40th street.
0	perhaps even better than porter goss was.
0	or is this pretty unusual for you?
0	i don't think that i don't know.
0	and i work with an insurance company.
0	never ever norm coleman and al franken.
0	the kids are happy but nugent isn't.
0	ben and leela welcome to the program.
0	last year's pew study backs him up.
0	well that can joe that can help.
0	and i thought she that was great.
0	and d.j. skelton let's begin with you.
0	there's this one program called sleep renew.
0	jon ralston welcome to day to day.
0	how do you discover something like that?
0	well i just think it's total nonsense.
0	i tend to agree with the caller.
0	we'll wait to see what happens there.
0	with a hint of i get it.
0	you'll have another conference in four years.
0	and she returns and she lays eggs.
0	what's going to happen when that quadruples?
0	it's actually about the lack of sleep.
0	and meng described how terrified he was.
0	she says poetry is a powerful voice.
0	rachel hoffman was not an undercover cop.
0	and argentina has lost about 104 cases.
0	it's an interesting history and a mystery.
0	he joined me today in studio 3a.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	it was a lovely personal intimate ceremony.
0	i said boy i'm not feeling well.
0	and it can supposedly detect your movement.
0	right the one that privatizes medicare especially.
0	and that really did stay with me.
0	half the cars are off the roads.
0	and as you say you're eating locally.
0	so and how do people find that?
0	the mob of shows up very quickly.
0	and what am i going to do?
0	and so you apply cost benefit analysis?
0	we didn't   ask it about the midwest.
0	and he said well i'm doing well.
0	you know well to be honest no.
0	it's sort of a soft class consciousness.
0	if it ain't busted don't fix it.
0	but they could've laid down tougher conditions.
0	there is a lot going on there.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	well i think it is common sense.
0	now an update on the hurricane katrina.
0	very little was blacked out in them.
0	for that we turn to dana milbank.
0	the research appears in the journal science.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it's so crass and arrogant and self-centered.
0	is there any room left for doubt?
0	but many didn't live to come home.
0	marshall thanks very much for the call.
0	he was also a scholar of magic.
0	curt collins was among those who disagreed.
0	he joins us after a quick break.
0	so we keep really really specific records.
0	afterwards they talk about what they saw.
0	they should be banging on the doors.
0	and you can tell though it's pink.
0	i mean welcome to the real world.
0	the answer is i need more customers.
0	jasmine garsd npr news san jose calif.
0	ok moving on to us the electorate.
0	this is not a holiday hiring blip.
0	what are your resolutions for this body?
0	tony blair was determined to modernize britain.
0	autonomy might be good for us too.
0	jennifer you can have a little deficit.
0	dina what do we know so far?
0	that's what allowed him to dream big.
0	let me get barb in very quickly.
0	what are you going to do now?
0	i have different versions of my story.
0	the   united states has done it before.
0	charter schools are another option she's considering.
0	that's going to be a safety study.
0	andy bowers is a slate senior editor.
0	they get stuck on one little thing.
0	they have six months to catch up.
0	well i'll keep my fingers crossed too.
0	what kind of exemptions would be required?
0	and have you already seen   that happen?
0	that was fadia williams of youth radio.
0	and ayana you take this story forward.
0	there are exceptional people in every generation.
0	why aren't black people up in arms?
0	what is more dangerous about this time?
0	well again the chinese are playing catch-up.
0	constantine thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks joel mchale we appreciate your time.
0	alan we are almost out of time.
0	well lincoln diaz-balart was born in havana.
0	do you agree with the fda's findings?
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	one race was afraid of the other.
0	now think about that stereotypical school lunch.
0	we visited the town of st. edward.
0	you cannot impose things on sovereign states.
0	and then someone else who knows someone.
0	they were coming for a better life.
0	today we have to focus on foundations.
0	north country public radio's brian mann reports.
0	we had a problem finding actual fresh.
0	president hockfield is it similar on mit?
0	now sharif's finally given them the go-ahead.
0	carol thanks for being back with us.
0	that was a big part of it.
0	new orleans louisiana has many signature sounds.
0	we've been asking what you already love.
0	oh no. no i love the movie.
0	faraz thanks very much for your call.
0	and it needs access to u.s. markets.
0	i remember growing with that same myth.
0	ok and not have to have insurance.
0	hi and thanks for taking my call.
0	he took charge of zimbabwe after independence.
0	so   here's the difference: 30 vs. 10,000.
0	so we had that kind of criticism.
0	and i make no bones about it.
0	ellen welcome to talk of the nation.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	it's not dependent on money or power.
0	i'm clicking through these photographs of sana'a.
0	and are they going to go golfing?
0	kate happy thanksgiving and get well soon.
0	guys we're not going to have crosstalk.
0	well we will see what today brings.
0	it's certainly work the fbi could do.
0	among other things reddit users are pseudonymous.
0	what do you think about that todd?
0	so no i'm not surprised at all.
0	i talked about msg with sara dickerman.
0	now what do we do about this?
0	and it seems like it's so important.
0	they're representing the girl power i think.
0	sheri thanks very much for the call.
0	authorities say the gunman was dylann roof.
0	he was a careerist at the cia.
0	women dining alone are a growing demographic.
0	and i like doing stuff like that.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	ghana didn't have any commercial crop insurance.
0	probably the most difficult part was socializing.
0	there's a few key components to it.
0	would you make a good point though.
0	so it's going to affect a lot.
0	dozens of them are heaped in rows.
0	it was i mean it was horrible.
0	that just kind of set it off.
0	well you know this is a body.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	and it's not very economically efficient either.
0	this talk has been around for months.
0	we know how to do this now.
0	not the new kind the classic style.
0	well it's particularly because it isn't summer.
0	well because it's awfully dangerous to report.
0	we'll find out how that device works.
0	he'll be done with it soon yeah.
0	to have the skill or the passion?
0	well different sports bodies make the rules.
0	its just surprising in a good sense.
0	what is a down payment assistance loan?
0	you want to keep it relatively liquid.
0	i   think she would take that view.
0	attorney cesar vargas thank you so much.
0	actually we are the future of pakistan.
0	they have poor management bad aviation standards.
0	scott some of this we knew right?
0	so what does this mean for sessions?
0	everybody sort of get their feelings hurt.
0	what are they saying in their defense?
0	and there's no even data about it.
0	we have a link to the piece.
0	eleanor how did this vote break down?
0	i was always a mama's boy anyway.
0	so even from the news media perspective.
0	protest leaders report numerous injuries requiring hospitalization.
0	i feel like we've hit peak kale.
0	and the big-market buyer is the addict.
0	i think part of it was vietnam.
0	he declined to be interviewed for broadcast.
0	the supreme court has never resolved that.
0	yes they will continue to remain there.
0	but they need to bring stop-and-frisk back.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	as well as new talking cell phones.
0	he apologized said he'd learned his lesson.
0	he embraced people when he needed to.
0	well you have a nice time at.
0	no i think i'm still also beginning.
0	there is absolutely bipartisan opposition to it.
0	i said that sounds good and everything.
0	how do they feel things are going?
0	you're not convinced that would do it.
0	parents urge children to use their words.
0	it's just some fine that they get.
0	what are the problems with that idea?
0	i think it would break me down.
0	i'm going to say a second coming.
0	well this is one of your songs.
0	so why do you think that is?
0	so does the punishment fit the crime?
0	that was assistant u.s. attorney richard frohling.
0	idaho for instance is out $26 million.
0	pasciuto says he's definitely ok with that.
0	thanks for staying up to the afternoon.
0	so she's on the cd as well.
0	pleasure to be with you as always.
0	i had to do it for you.
0	he's   also a film composer and cellist.
0	it's just kind of tweaked you know?
0	i haven't heard specifically about his nanny.
0	public financing was supposed to prevent this.
0	and it's a very very dramatic movement.
0	farhad manjoo is technology columnist at slate.
0	parisian huguette de villers was among them.
0	that's president obama at the news conference.
0	we have no reason to support them.
0	they're terrorists and we don't like them.
0	and we're taking your calls at 800-989-8255.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it must have been from some package.
0	or follow us on facebook and twitter.
0	it's not as substantial at it seems.
0	yeah you're going to see another cd.
0	will he do it in the future?
0	we reached her in burgundy in france.
0	that's pollen as well that they collect.
0	martin thanks very much for the call.
0	toby walker do you think that's true?
0	i think it made me really nervous.
0	rogers is too strong in this district.
0	and tell us where you are please.
0	it gets them interested in the music.
0	and that draws lots of blank stares.
0	we already spent that money you know.
0	others say women should get a choice.
0	against the idea of having the baby?
0	well i'm certainly going to watch that.
0	and i appreciate foryou having me on.
0	i mean i wouldn't it wasn't planned.
0	what about last night changed your mind?
0	laurie thanks very much for the call.
0	that's npr's eyder peralta in luanda angola.
0	it's president trump's 100th day in office.
0	they have a taliban-style vision for iraq.
0	and word's being trickling out around chandigarh.
0	so they wait for a little while.
0	and now he can't comprehend the homework.
0	she's with us now from columbia university.
0	we're talking with about interrogators in iraq.
0	eric with us from nashville in tennessee.
0	he joins us over the phone today.
0	it's not even a matter of geography.
0	she handed me a sheet of paper.
0	and it caused them to think again.
0	we put the project up at smithmag.
0	so you use dna in the caviar.
0	peter nice to talk with you again.
0	and then we just blindly tested them.
0	so i'm pessimistic about both of those.
0	in fact we're going to increase spending.
0	i said you're going to quit already?
0	and why do you think that is?
0	it's hard to you know find them.
0	they are they would like to discover.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	that means that charlotte is not immune.
0	so you didn't know what to expect.
0	well we actually didn't get terribly creative.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. schaffner.
0	so there were a number of factors.
0	and it is an extremely difficult problem.
0	what will the courts do with them?
0	from npr news this all things considered.
0	and i don't mean simply an interrogation.
0	no no no from both sides exactly.
0	they have been gunning for alberto gonzales.
0	and and what do you do there?
0	it's true if you go to albuquerque.
0	violence is down but at what cause?
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	there is some validity to the argument.
0	the stores and businesses were completely shuttered.
0	daniel do you work with a collaborator?
0	it's important to remember that not everything.
0	so we also have to be there.
0	we were all of us sensing something.
0	i got divorced about four years ago.
0	and i'm glad the guy was fired.
0	so it comes in at number 10.
0	this to me is a real passion.
0	but her vocal chords are the soul.
0	i think he could be more clear.
0	what am i trying to do exactly?
0	kalief took his own life last year.
0	well it depends on who you ask.
0	so they can avoid that all together.
0	so you think that this was systemic.
0	the reason that's driving it is economics.
0	that's what we're doing in the army.
0	well that's not in the big two.
0	what do you hear them listening to?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they showed us all kinds of films.
0	and people are very much into this.
0	soon llavanes is in the dental chair.
0	europe mexico all over the united states.
0	i mean you know i have ideas.
0	it seems to be having an effect.
0	emily thank you for your six-word memoir.
0	republicans are going to do very well.
0	this is your crime scene not mine.
0	we have a jewish member of parliament.
0	and this year it will make history.
0	it's now taken elizabeth warren three weeks.
0	but mbs behavior is a game changer.
0	do you see another team beating them?
0	and playing not   to win is dishonest.
0	that was a number of years ago.
0	you know the republicans don't want it.
0	now there's two ways to do it.
0	i feel that it served its purpose.
0	obama opposed exploring for energy in alaska.
0	ken thanks very much for your time.
0	yeah three hours got to do it.
0	it was just one of those days.
0	just remember who these 17 people were.
0	so t-a that's just leaves us with.
0	yeah and it let's define moral hazard.
0	and that's interesting in the following sense.
0	and theres a poet right inside him.
0	why do they want to drop that?
0	and that's still a very elusive trick.
0	i continue to focus on those things.
0	that sounds interesting says producer chip graybow.
0	john thanks for being with us today.
0	this hour we're talking about the flu.
0	and i don't know i enjoy it.
0	well we were woken by the helicopters.
0	and i just saw myself as roberto.
0	and ken mehlman we know you're busy.
0	still that did not change his views.
0	kim always good to talk with you.
0	we're beginning to learn what they are.
0	lets hear from murphy in oklahoma city.
0	i'm an instinctive man a subjective man.
0	instead of topeka it's now google kansas.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	have attitudes changed much in washington state?
0	but he says the process felt weird.
0	that's what it's all about you know.
0	i mean how do you help them?
0	essentially it was sometime after the response.
0	such as hotels distribution restaurants and retailing.
0	let's get another voice in the conversation.
0	he flips through his book of referrals.
0	but that's not all that you want.
0	it wasn't holistic of who i am.
0	and that's the big question for democrats.
0	that's probably what they were thinking long-term.
0	greg tell us what you're seeing there.
0	i'm laura sullivan in for guy raz.
0	well geoffrey york thank you very much.
0	have you been losing sleep over it?
0	there's major snowstorms all over the place.
0	at some degree you can teach it.
0	we're joined now by npr's ron elving.
0	oh let's remember people found this passport.
0	their bellies were bare in form-fitting outfits.
0	troy is with us from iowa city.
0	this is robert siegel in new york.
0	no. we're not saying it's not true.
0	as we mentioned this story isn't new.
0	richard's with us from charlotte north carolina.
0	it's what's defined the country's older generation.
0	what's worth worth fixing and what isn't?
0	and is that still an issue here?
0	so we'll still air your puzzle then.
0	thank you sharing your time with us.
0	her neighbor's house was completely on fire.
0	richard justice is a columnist for mlb.
0	over 30,000 people were murdered last year.
0	can you tell us what that is?
0	that's when the crowd starts to shout.
0	i just hope we don't have anymore.
0	i never win any of the elections.
0	npr justice correspondent carrie johnson has more.
0	there's seven calories per gram of alcohol.
0	when you leave the lights go off.
0	can i just follow up on that?
0	also she became he now gets hemingway.
0	dan welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and i'm with him i really am.
0	it's not about watching tv and eating.
0	it's 60 miles per hour they estimate.
0	well i she said i don't know.
0	how do we help these girls now?
0	he runs paragon and he founded it.
0	now there's all of this tough talk.
0	you sort of know who everyone is.
0	well i take care of animals so.
0	is that what you're asking about francis?
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and francie is with us from boston.
0	i feel like there's some more pieces.
0	did we help anyone with mental illness?
0	how are pakistanis responding to this accusation?
0	so what is known about the shooter?
0	i was going to say bless you.
0	grant den e-mailed in with a suggestion.
0	we call ourselves the cuba working group.
0	they're supposed to use the proper pronouns.
0	that's at corning in corning new york.
0	are they they're part of your family?
0	it attacks different parts of the brain.
0	gary thanks very much for the call.
0	and children talk to me about that.
0	thank you for joining us once again.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	dozens of homeowners we interviewed dispute that.
0	charlie thanks very much for the call.
0	first stop a warehouse store in maryland.
0	but that's exactly what needs to happen.
0	men are just as talkative as women.
0	it protects cables from the wind basically.
0	look at my beautiful brother she says.
0	so those kinds of things don't worry.
0	merrit kennedy npr news vieques puerto rico.
0	jared welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he thought this is an interesting quote.
0	i identify myself as an urban shaman.
0	jolley was a sophomore at paradise high.
0	it was the only recount they wanted.
0	but in fact they were totally right.
0	julie thanks very much for the call.
0	this from michelle in coon valley wisconsin.
0	india is down there a little ways.
0	we were founded on the first amendment.
0	i mean he's very very well off.
0	and also on our website at sciencefriday.
0	abby thanks so much for joining us.
0	and the mannequin's face was painted black.
0	and your reaction to all this nicholas?
0	nice of you to be in today.
0	and she's with us now from charlottesville.
0	well nevertheless take us back two years.
0	the same land is really two lands.
0	that's correct 'cause it's a muslim country.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	you want to be a little careful.
0	go ahead john you can go first.
0	i want to get right into it.
0	now i've got a technical question here.
0	and i said no no i don't.
0	but susan thanks very much for report.
0	and we're taking your calls at 800-989-8255.
0	just add an n at the end.
0	for customers the picture is more mixed.
0	sorry go ahead and finish the thought.
0	and she joins us from new york.
0	already this   morning there's celebration in connecticut.
0	it's a rational reasonable thing to do.
0	it won't be like the television debates.
0	when did they start to notice this?
0	you're invited to join the conversation 800-989-8255.
0	how do you square those two positions?
0	i'm in the city street in bangkok.
0	i hear that you are a mom.
0	it's important to check its moisture level.
0	deborah thanks very much for the call.
0	wilson played a lot of video games.
0	the cost of all this is enormous.
0	i really never knew what mlk meant.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	culkin says these students rarely speak english.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	npr's national political correspondent mara liasson reports.
0	and they saw what happened in arizona.
0	yes robert thanks for taking my call.
0	today bush himself appears at the conference.
0	during that time houses sit in limbo.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	well it's not going to happen overnight.
0	so she's daring herself to do that.
0	before you is madonna on the cross.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	that's where the value in it lies.
0	so much of life in its meshes.
0	this is something that will never work.
0	there needs to be a cooling-off period.
0	and we elected 12 delegates on that.
0	but those images wind up incredibly beautiful.
0	thanks very much for the call bob.
0	shaiken said labors historic response was predictable.
0	it's not too bad by the way.
0	david card found the next best thing.
0	that way you could compare the two.
0	so i was on the wrong street.
0	they don't play they never did play.
0	and we played the concert in athens.
0	oh i absolutely agree with you there.
0	the fund quickly grew over the weekend.
0	and yet they were everywhere around him.
0	so why give it away for free?
0	they say oh well health care's great.
0	nice to talk to you dr. butler.
0	rajaratnam's attorney says he'll appeal the verdict.
0	i understand what this lady was saying.
0	democracy was an interesting finding as well.
0	we filled the void with each other.
0	but i appreciate you taking my call.
0	and we need to find the answers.
0	hi how are you doing today sir?
0	there is freedom and there is totalitarianism.
0	well if you're standard is britney spears.
0	kids you guys are getting a dog.
0	they are refugees from a crisis situation.
0	i mean in some ways that's true.
0	he died at the age of 16.
0	we are venerating what that saint represents.
0	fair trade's whole focus is small farmers.
0	so i think finally we're breaking through.
0	she got her degree in electrical engineering.
0	it would be the ultimate for me.
0	each shofar is different and plays differently.
0	how's this going to change your city?
0	this is trac trades related apprenticeship coaching.
0	are we still funny to you fred?
0	like how did you get through that?
0	jacob goldstein of npr's planet money team.
0	at first apple dominated the education marketplace.
0	i said 'smash get up from there!
0	it's important to remember these are mice.
0	would you remind us of that challenge?
0	they had also bought the short pews.
0	others eat cuddle a pale sick child.
0	about five more get an even 70.
0	so the   military presence has helped immensely.
0	i had supported and endorsed senator clinton.
0	a fast change is like 15 seconds.
0	she's an accountant serving time for theft.
0	in vermeer their lives are on pause.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	sturgis himself would be the hollywood story.
0	and then how did everything change today?
0	pope benedict xvi goes to turkey tomorrow.
0	this is a matter of the evidence.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	it will be for the foreseeable future.
0	but they were in the black-oriented movies.
0	my father was a very sweet man.
0	we're joined now by npr's geoff bennett.
0	they work way harder than us man.
0	ron elving is npr senior washington editor.
0	rachel you're calling us from sisters oregon.
0	well i think they have no choice.
0	doug nowacek is one of those scientists.
0	so it is testable but a challenge.
0	my grandfather his name is jack lewis.
0	thanks so much for joining us keith.
0	my son was counting with his watch.
0	he's also a professor at georgetown university.
0	world music lost another pioneer this week.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	senator stevens is known as a workaholic.
0	jim thanks very much for the call.
0	i think most women do have cleavage.
0	we'll be back wednesday from the newseum.
0	i mean you know that didn't happen.
0	i didn't catch the questionagain you're   asking.
0	the teleburn consultation has been enormously successful.
0	i would say probably thousands yes definitely.
0	ofeibea quist-arcton npr news lofa county liberia.
0	the boat started filling up very quickly.
0	and i wouldn't usually come over here.
0	otherwise you go straight down and drown.
0	ethnic cleansing is happening in south sudan.
0	he was key to the rocket part.
0	oh this is by far the worst.
0	they say it was kind of vague.
0	and i think she could provide specifics.
0	hi you're on the air go ahead.
0	he gave some statistics along those lines.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	the country has produced many famous mathematicians.
0	and just in case you missed it.
0	gregg easterbrook joins us in a moment.
0	let him go to a single village.
0	education levels are at an all-time high.
0	it got a huge round of applause.
0	government incents what the want to incent.
0	kuwait and bahrain simply handed out cash.
0	we all know how bad it's been.
0	and after one year we talk again.
0	the u.s. is one of those nations.
0	at the museum on the gaithersburg md.
0	well i'm glad you mentioned david beckham.
0	and she's in london at the moment.
0	this is bill in iowa city iowa.
0	that's npr's peter kenyon in lausanne switzerland.
0	along those lines also with the government.
0	they like to call themselves a collective.
0	well i've been told that i am.
0	i knew and dealt with him extensively.
0	you were not shy we should say.
0	great i feel better about the future.
0	did she ever have any kids herself?
0	susanne rasmussen your city hall green building.
0	we need funding and we need resources.
0	i don't know exactly why that happened.
0	it doesn't feel like it's democracy anymore.
0	police are firing tear gas at them.
0	developmental milestones meaning they weren't talking reading.
0	how should his rivals react to him?
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	so we have about a minute left.
0	you can be attacked on social media.
0	what does turkey want from these talks?
0	so antihydrogen is the identical but opposite.
0	how high or how low are they?
0	don thanks very much for joining us.
0	and i want to go very briefly.
0	this is expansive government in private lives.
0	for some people it's not so true.
0	here he is on c-span last month.
0	so luke what happened to the hebrew?
0	we have extensive information on children now.
0	and it's expected to include short-term spending.
0	a new generation is prepared to lead.
0	they get a packet in the mail?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it's not something to be ashamed of.
0	most of them are arabs mostly palestinians.
0	you know this is an immoral policy.
0	i saw the show on tuesday night.
0	and that's where you think we're at?
0	let's get some callers on the line.
0	i'm in   boston actually not philadelphia today.
0	yeah the commissioner kind of acknowledged it.
0	glad you guys could be with us.
0	how have those women made a living?
0	and my youngest son is very literal.
0	yeah or else we waste our time.
0	reporter jon herskovitz in seoul south korea.
0	that's what people knew about him nothing.
0	tomorrow a special roundtable on gun violence.
0	so this is descemer bueno singing habana.
0	tim thanks very much for the call.
0	thank god he says for the internet.
0	well i know it all too well.
0	they look like they're out of gas.
0	and that would just be a disaster.
0	let's give him a three on that.
0	eleanor thank you so much and congratulations.
0	and you mentioned   chicago and san francisco.
0	a lot of other reporters were there.
0	jonah welcome to the program once again.
0	in fact that's their stock in trade.
0	alexi lalas of espn thanks very much.
0	vaneeta and i actually have some similarities.
0	he was fighting for independence from spain.
0	they will strike back in urban centers.
0	and then there's no relationship at all.
0	it's still wintertime up there in syracuse.
0	erik meijaard thanks for talking to us.
0	this is an ad i actually want.
0	is this one going to be different?
0	look like the bellagio in las vegas.
0	and they'd say no not at all.
0	so how does obama fight that image?
0	so i think that really helped me.
0	and it forces us to be better.
0	does the virus exist in the wild?
0	that was the part that amazed helen.
0	they went on and testified about this.
0	one of whom is nina mae mckinney.
0	this is the talk of the nation.
0	i think this is a terrible deal.
0	so there's lots of button-pushing and dialing.
0	and look we have two great candidates.
0	and really it was a 10-year war.
0	we're going to take a great everybody.
0	yeah why don't you let me explain.
0	talking with ed larson and david wilson.
0	you go to war with overwhelming force.
0	how dare you ask that question melissa?
0	exactly what that means we don't know.
0	we're at fort dix new jersey today.
0	and one more email that we got.
0	we're not in a death spiral yet.
0	we are talking about a new culture.
0	some questioned the legality of the assemblies.
0	but frank rochelle says that's not enough.
0	and the last name is a-h-e-l-e-g-b-e ahelegbe.
0	and i see that in the area.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	certainly scott wanted to reach the pole.
0	there are bones and tissues and nerves.
0	from mexico city npr's carrie kahn reports.
0	and then this right here opens up.
0	not all fracking wastewater is created equal.
0	where are you going to put it?
0	i know thingsa lot was at   stake.
0	it's $35 billion than the previous bill.
0	this is an open window into that.
0	so out of loss has come appreciation.
0	do you need to see a nutritionist?
0	the last big breakthrough was in 2002.
0	olango was pronounced dead at a hospital.
0	you know margaret sanger was a racist.
0	jay good to speak with you again.
0	and this is in the high schools.
0	we got at a logjam on documents.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so the rating agencies still do matter.
0	what are you trying to achieve there?
0	chris hecker is an independent game developer.
0	she's all alone and there's a war.
0	we have more now from gloria hillard.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	it's what i call the videogame mentality.
0	and emily how far-reaching is this case?
0	she says overall schools are getting better.
0	he's known to be a putin ally.
0	we told you this story last month.
0	and so amazon could hide behind that.
0	but they usually don't for good reason.
0	and so it's actually an incredible bargain.
0	you're trying to tell them too much.
0	roads are flooded coastal communities cut off.
0	from tehran the picture is more complicated.
0	why did i follow this career path?
0	it's i hear it from our troops.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	i knew that my son was dead.
0	i'm not in glee over this impeachment.
0	and   they see what matters to us.
0	here's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	there is the lukoil the russian company.
0	and also by the way ted cruz?
0	about 100 left mostly women and children.
0	this debates are going to be very.
0	it sounds like you're not very worried.
0	president obama got out of washington today.
0	so i think this also drives that.
0	it will steer itself and stay balanced.
0	all right mike that's an interesting point.
0	he's a major in the u.s. military.
0	hey let me ask all of you.
0	both companies are back in the black.
0	yeah i think that's fair to say.
0	of course you're on an adrenaline high.
0	shane had never invested in anything either.
0	you're going to get a t-shirt anyway.
0	it was usually about once a month.
0	well this is just an obvious guess.
0	but anyway i made him this shirt.
0	we were whisked away by these people.
0	no i mean is the short answer.
0	you're going to turn me healthy ruth.
0	and i think it's been very interesting.
0	that's a problem that permeates the economy.
0	maybe fountain fresh had never even existed.
0	that's the regulation press release in '98.
0	shane said he was putting in 5,000.
0	he says you know that it's me.
0	you know he's had a mixed record.
0	a lot of them ride bicycles right?
0	most of the soldiers are very dedicated.
0	it's an insult that's what it is.
0	it was a plea for less austerity.
0	we started throwing them in the creek.
0	i mean this guy is so brilliant.
0	were supposed see something what this week?
0	sarah how are you feeling about this?
0	and sure enough the outbreak was contained.
0	and it's as you say very sobering.
0	i want them to treat me fairly.
0	i want someone look my entire history.
0	about 50 of those ads were positive.
0	the cuts you know they're good announcements.
0	do you have a tissue in there?
0	i forgot to thank you as well.
0	she covers hud for the washington post.
0	judd's calling from ann arbor in michigan.
0	i do have them in my vehicles.
0	people want to come to the movies.
0	he says many are serious and dedicated.
0	that's a great question i should say.
0	they've been sober for a few years.
0	mitt romney headed south today as well.
0	you can start calling in now 800-989-8255.
0	here's something to contemplate on a friday.
0	you have religious institutions paying for contraception.
0	here's anya kamenetz of npr ed team.
0	but civil war has caused massive damage.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	yet they seem to be doing well.
0	and that is what quantitative easing is.
0	end up in high dudgeon not leavenworth.
0	taunya english of member station whyy reports.
0	john mccain will not negotiate with hamas.
0	you know i can go both ways.
0	like fairport convention and stuff like that.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	yes i served for three years actually.
0	one of them of course is nasty.
0	he pays a 15 percent tax rate.
0	the central bank's mission also very german.
0	bob what is this worth to pfizer?
0	now or when i was growing up?
0	for months a debate has been raging.
0	joe's daughter knew what she was doing.
0	i'm going to play with $100 now.
0	where do you want to take it?
0	the snake looked at him in silence.
0	ian thanks very much for the call.
0	i was a kid of the depression.
0	new york is running out of governors.
0	steven on the line from st. louis.
0	she said the test repeated earlier ones.
0	but don't call it a nafta deal.
0	he's had a lot to tell them.
0	we reached him at home in muskogee.
0	the skin is purple black and orange.
0	and now the suspect is in custody.
0	and i understand where that comes from.
0	and the third act is the discussion.
0	we have time for one last call.
0	romney overcame his adversaries external and internal.
0	the   woman lives with her daughter pat.
0	we found the car on century boulevard.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	the dow tanked more than 400 points.
0	so tell us what the article said.
0	she's still glad she saw the movie.
0	intelligence was hyped and stretched and exaggerated.
0	this is alberto in st. louis missouri.
0	let me turn to another big issue.
0	they'll meet to debate tonight in charleston.
0	or anyway that's how the story goes.
0	he's spent 55 years living in delaware.
0	kyle thanks very much for the suggestion.
0	the world still is a dangerous place.
0	people now understand it to mean effeminate.
0	that's the hard part says calvin ku.
0	act five what peacetime forgets about wartime.
0	they don't do it on segway either.
0	i'm fran rothstein from silver spring maryland.
0	oh i'm going to the grocery store.
0	he's learned the telltale signs of desperation.
0	david how long does this go on?
0	when's the last time you watched this?
0	puppies wrestle and nuzzle each other adorably.
0	but it's also incredibly taxing and isolating.
0	brackets are famous in the climate negotiations.
0	so i thought something else is necessary.
0	we'll be hearing more about that later.
0	do you have to keep nourishing it?
0	i didn't think it needed any elaborating.
0	some want to tweet about their experiences.
0	among scientists there's debate about its future.
0	she's a key organizer of the drive-in.
0	mary beth kirchner lives in washington dc.
0	they're wasting time quote-unquote but they're not.
0	i believe it's a mixture of listeners.
0	oh looks like we lost tom altogether.
0	there's not much to tell said adam.
0	oh happy to be here i guess.
0	david greene npr news the white house.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	so he's got that going for him.
0	i don't see much sense to that.
0	we have a hollywood marathon on saturday.
0	it's always going to be skid row.
0	how to make a knot in water?
0	but police reserve programs vary a lot.
0	remember when fat was the dietary devil?
0	and that stuff was really neat man.
0	and anthony cordesman thanks for your time.
0	she had gotten thrown across the room.
0	hansi lo wang npr news new york.
0	that is a huge step for them.
0	and we're going to thank our guests.
0	the same was true of hillary clinton.
0	here is part of president trump's response.
0	the police is not a national police.
0	yes it does spin out of control.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	that was not the case in '06.
0	she's professor amy   sturgis of belmont university.
0	i think that's how you pronounce it.
0	and i was like oh my god.
0	but you've got to reopen the government.
0	the protestors are facilities protection service workers.
0	but so far it has not been.
0	and for me i love black bears.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i go visit my old counselor ms.
0	they wanted him to give them money.
0	they're all so gorgeous to look at.
0	i'm neal conan in new york city.
0	and let's take a call from steven.
0	so tell us more about the gathering.
0	i mean you know what i mean?
0	and everyone needs to read this book.
0	what do you want from your bank?
0	really i'm glad you bought your tickets.
0	lawrence let's begin right at the beginning.
0	sowe like doing this sort of thing.
0	it was like the perfect storm converged.
0	and the investigation just wasn't done properly.
0	it was more than a pipe dream.
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	well let's talk about the line here.
0	nobody's ever blown a   lead that big.
0	yeah when is it gonna be played?
0	here's rachael myrow of member station kqed.
0	now they try to show us ours.
0	in my view that would be enough.
0	iran gained in power in the region.
0	thin white lines don't slow cars down.
0	democrats pushed back against the executive order.
0	but that's a valid point right elise?
0	will with us from binghamton new york.
0	do we talk to syria leslie gelb?
0	captain marty barr   is the team leader.
0	from member station wcpn nick castele reports.
0	i'm past the end of the beginning.
0	of course you're invited to join us.
0	what was the thinking behind the startup?
0	yeah who stands up to captain bligh.
0	i take responsibility if im the lead.
0	and things look a lot different now.
0	and i suspect they're going to announce.
0	first of all thanks for coming in.
0	he asked kaylene johnson to write it.
0	but we do not promote either party.
0	he's a retired professor of english literature.
0	she was like yo you can sing.
0	and i wish they weren't so accurate.
0	and i was like damn all right.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	now let me give you an example.
0	let's go to cathy in rochester minnesota.
0	and there unfortunately one very dramatic thing.
0	thousands of other marchers weren't sitting either.
0	why did general musharraf suspend the constitution?
0	about 180,000 bees live on the roof.
0	everybody is brilliant when listening to others.
0	well i have trouble with table tennis.
0	and the real question from covering contraception.
0	let's hear from gaye in dayton ohio.
0	peregrine he said softly and looked up.
0	there is no insurance for these   people.
0	and then return to a second phase.
0	well there are some pretty major obstacles.
0	and this is something we all understand.
0	donna brazile how will deval patrick do?
0	all nursing homes should have coffee shops.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	this seems absolutely superhuman what you've done.
0	it's just a sort of rocky studio.
0	last night it was delivered to them.
0	and also i worry about women's rights.
0	well at least your ideas got enacted.
0	so i think hillary can do that.
0	they're talking a lot about wage stagnation.
0	but i'm exactly the opposite in english.
0	some citizens were afraid to cross him.
0	and i was there with danny rose.
0	fields says he votes straight republican anyway.
0	it's absolutely disgraceful and must be stopped.
0	we've accomplished a lot in this country.
0	he was still vital at that point.
0	the campaign and others like it worked.
0	meanwhile mary watches other people's memories digitize.
0	yep i mean that is absolutely true.
0	from npr news this all things considered.
0	and i still have cows and horses.
0	tammy marquardt was there to see it.
0	dr. berkley what about this post-infection vaccine?
0	they speed it up in every way.
0	brown says he's going to start looking.
0	there aren't too many of those moments.
0	there are winners and there are losers.
0	i don't know why you need me.
0	either way it had a bad day.
0	dvora thanks so much for joining us.
0	you know it's a it's very odd.
0	there was hardly anybody on the street.
0	well that which introduces the next question.
0	that's how dry it is out here.
0	npr's leila fadel reports from northern iraq.
0	her daughter tiffany was born last august.
0	we're just throwing these things out there.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	describe the situation that was going on.
0	so there's both of that going on.
0	the oscar nominations were announced this morning.
0	god bless you and god bless america.
0	murkowski's prescription for bringing down gas prices?
0	and have you gotten used to it?
0	rebuilding though is still very far away.
0	dr. berry let me start with you.
0	they're like why are you talking back?
0	he's in the studio with me now.
0	i'm going to vote to repeal it.
0	let's go to skeeter in eugene oregon.
0	i know i can make a difference.
0	one is maybe a movement toward microgrids.
0	this is paul with us from daytona.
0	and you hear that from your patients?
0	but eventually they got used to it.
0	it has six stripes instead of eight.
0	you've been in washington a long time.
0	will i be wrong in thinking that?
0	here's elwell explaining that decision to npr.
0	welcome back to the program dr. schultz.
0	the conditions are in haiti are terrible.
0	you mean in terms of the pictures?
0	well we can in fact do this.
0	president trump is heading to utah tomorrow.
0	they had 10 months in their year.
0	so would that be a good   investment?
0	it is turning into civil war no?
0	we like you to write to us.
0	a student dialed 911 in my classroom.
0	she can't just take away his cellphone.
0	people would think there was something wrong.
0	and it's not just a local issue.
0	and we were a little bit free.
0	i am a tested and proven leader.
0	we'll have more in just a minute.
0	but i want to make a distinction.
0	few protesters were anywhere to be seen.
0	that's jane spence deputy of high schools.
0	now the key issue is getting access.
0	however what happens if that policy fails?
0	the patriots were saying holy something else.
0	and it's a gorgeous day here actually.
0	nashville-native jeff cowell wants to know more.
0	she says this was an easy out.
0	but we're here to talk about gold.
0	terrorism and the law: cases and   materials.
0	well thousands of people gathered last night.
0	let me read a quote to you.
0	what's that doing to the unemployment rate?
0	that's life and life is not fair.
0	is that sort of a misconception then?
0	and that's the first thing to know.
0	we've already lived through the hottest june.
0	thanks very much for speaking with us.
0	and until now we don't have proof.
0	treat my depression dehydration malnutrition and pain.
0	jeff welcome to talk of the nation.
0	how nervous if at all are europeans?
0	it's cold at night and it's snowing.
0	do you think you did enough sir?
0	nice to talk to you again guy.
0	and that's like a couple of them.
0	that's 16 percent of the global share.
0	and so they basically launched a coup.
0	how tense is this going to get?
0	you've always suffered from chronic motion sickness.
0	for npr news this is pat dowell.
0	we have associated melatonin with sleep right?
0	let's hear from brett in adrian michigan.
0	i mean i am who i am.
0	you get a long list of possibilities.
0	nobody had data to act on it.
0	she was speaking to us from moscow.
0	so that's something i'm really interested in.
0	brian in san francisco sent us that.
0	i want especially to thank new hampshire.
0	it is just glistening and gorgeous out.
0	we have 22-foot tides within our inlet.
0	that was very much a local spot.
0	yeah he's not going to drop out.
0	she joined us from wlrn in miami.
0	driving down the road using flash cards.
0	it doesn't look like a failing school.
0	i mean specifically in this last debate?
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	what will god do when i die?
0	but i'm naturally more quiet and reserved.
0	how did those earlier people get here?
0	sam thanks for being with us today.
0	four states are holding primaries on tuesday.
0	so could you elaborate on his   education?
0	and welcome back to day to day.
0	kristian foden-vencil of oregon public broadcasting reports.
0	it's a space there are small windows.
0	he took a couple shots again today.
0	so one or two things went on.
0	and welfare specifically includes climate and weather.
0	so is it just a he-said she-said?
0	i think the key is not this.
0	wamu's kate mcgee takes it from here.
0	correct and because it's more than that.
0	school buses have been disappearing in indiana.
0	yeah i am trying to change music.
0	that's what you hear the activists say.
0	we're now having trouble making their payments.
0	meaning he'd have a little energy crash.
0	this is where the esl classes are.
0	and then you have the vast middle.
0	he spent 36 years on the job.
0	does it have a trunk a boot?
0	president obama says yes they would have.
0	and that's what john mccain's plans do.
0	she's constantly being pulled in 12 directions.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	the government cannot mandate healthy family communication.
0	shoplifting has been part of their game.
0	a pleasure to be back with you.
0	and i just want to go swimming.
0	so there's a lot of competition still.
0	it's very early in the morning ok?
0	what do you do in geneva michael?
0	almost all the commercial shops remain closed.
0	to represent more of the 99 percent.
0	it doesn't reduce to a single cause.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i'm standing on the veterans memorial bridge.
0	and he basically said left them alone.
0	and let's get judith on the line.
0	so one or two things went on.
0	he joins us on the line now.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	yeah you should know that one marilyn.
0	the smoke has drifted that far east.
0	hamas's political leadership in syria appears unmovable.
0	the two are not completely tied together.
0	and i see you've been very busy.
0	but i come from a union family.
0	and let them answer their own question.
0	that is the name of the show.
0	may not always be the smartest cuts.
0	let's take a listen to her reaction.
0	npr's tamara keith starts off our coverage.
0	i   don't think they'll reach a billion.
0	i think the sky is the limit.
0	we have our ed that's involved pediatrics.
0	are these kids asking for their parents?
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	we're going to hear more from you.
0	yes hi thanks for taking my call.
0	so can it be simplified once again?
0	of course he was scared to death.
0	i think that's a very risky belief.
0	but aren't those rappers expressing genuine emotion?
0	authorities are still searching for a motive.
0	he's 33 years old a construction worker.
0	it's coming from the house oversight committee.
0	and that i guess is another question.
0	we'll just tuck it aside over here.
0	at first blush your senses are right.
0	thank you neal good to be here.
0	sure but it's a piece of writing.
0	he filmed himself dodging koopas and goombas.
0	i think they still should be comfortable.
0	and it was only six miles long.
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	among the participants is joanna jordan wu.
0	what kinds of things are they learning?
0	but maybe there is we don't know.
0	i'm not going to see this again.
0	i'm thinking margaret cho she's a comedienne.
0	she's chanting the name of the organization.
0	could you hear that in republican voices?
0	well it is it isn't as wholesome.
0	i'm glad you had a good time.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	so i feel very confident with that.
0	sick and tired of petty office politics?
0	you're going to serve in the infantry.
0	yeah that would be royal and mayor.
0	the movie also paints a tremendous contrast.
0	i thought he   saidrepeat the question again?
0	those are still good principles to follow.
0	and he's going to be a democrat.
0	and i was shot from a truck.
0	it flooded about 10,000 homes in terrebonne.
0	it's also been willing to strike elsewhere.
0	nobody could tell us with any certainty.
0	all right so that was the plan.
0	couldn't think of a better drinking companion.
0	sandra day handled that the same way.
0	and there are physiological reasons for that.
0	people are using these other transportation modes.
0	it is but it's definitely an inconvenience.
0	but i did take it very seriously.
0	i found out pretty quickly after that.
0	no i don't actually think he is.
0	and he literally was a good guy.
0	are you having any experience with that?
0	we don't have a high unemployment rate.
0	human beings are not perfect he said.
0	alcoa has cut more than 13,000 jobs.
0	there's no capacity for them to pass.
0	they have the league mvp steph curry.
0	thanks very much for the calls everybody.
0	throughout the century she's been written about.
0	and now the plight of the sturgeon.
0	pro basketball history could be made tonight.
0	so it made it a lot cheaper.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we're told both men declined that request.
0	they don't say they want nuclear weapons.
0	they tried to construct a proper chapel.
0	are there all different kinds of shapes?
0	hi it's good to be with you.
0	in fact i internalized it a lot.
0	so it was really a shotgun marriage.
0	is do we know that's the case?
0	and let's get paul on the line.
0	everybody give it to me right now.
0	cal with us from central washington state.
0	and this is starting to happen now.
0	it's probably going to happen next tuesday.
0	ambition was in the air money too.
0	well that's not a bad idea actually.
0	npr's brakkton booker was at his announcement.
0	conversation that made a woman feel uncomfortable.
0	you give your money to someone else.
0	you give you money to your necessities.
0	this was margo anderson's answer last night.
0	like those are just the opening pages.
0	omar has come a long way too.
0	police   departments from nearby cities sent reinforcements.
0	thank all of you for twittering today.
0	but with the lizards it's really simple.
0	they are now in the middle class.
0	and this would be a big change.
0	i'm happy now and congratulations to kavya.
0	today gasoline prices reached an all-time high.
0	we caught up with her last week.
0	michael meyers glenn loury and laura washington.
0	police believe all four attackers acted alone.
0	is that a fair label for him?
0	because you are deaf in one hear?
0	pop-pop you want to play some cards?
0	she has a brain that works too.
0	during apartheid uct was an all-white university.
0	but are you worried about secondary sanctions?
0	and then finally one young man announces.
0	and we were super proud of her.
0	not as ugly as the word conservative.
0	des thanks very much for the nomination.
0	i last christmas i had 25 people.
0	i always pride myself on my spelling.
0	how does the eu preserve it now?
0	hey there ari good to see you.
0	whatever they desire they can accomplish it.
0	can he make me a tail robert?
0	some even draw comparisons to the balkans.
0	john thanks very much for the call.
0	that's actually not the issue to me.
0	the storm severely tested the city's levees.
0	we're discussing doctors and the death penalty.
0	thirty-five percent of it is just vacant.
0	give us a little more about it.
0	now where could it have come from?
0	it's good to hear your voice again.
0	today it's hard that that could happen.
0	and you can't download the free ebooks.
0	how are you going to address this?
0	amy with us from westport in connecticut.
0	on skid row she turned to drugs.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but as a seasoned golfer he's skeptical.
0	i don't think trump has any politics.
0	the agency gets an appropriation from congress.
0	interesting to see justice sotomayor on the.
0	but there are many ways to connect.
0	laura sullivan npr police and prisons correspondent.
0	and where is that center of self-control?
0	incidents like this are growing across india.
0	and another time it's your greatest frustration.
0	nice to have nice to be here.
0	saad eskandar heads the iraqi national archive.
0	thank goodness for the war on poverty.
0	and that can often cause some trouble.
0	npr's tom gjelten is following the story.
0	i'm glad you got that so well.
0	i don't know if these creatures exist.
0	and they're disheartened as you would imagine.
0	and now the well has run dry.
0	it's what you can do very well.
0	marty besides that how does turnout look?
0	farai one really quick question for you.
0	he thinks zero tolerance is mostly optics.
0	how about least l-e-a-s-t and purloin p-u-r-l-o-i-n?
0	you pay 7.5 percent for social security.
0	so it's not only about the price.
0	everyone in bani walid is heavily armed.
0	then gunshots ring out and everybody runs.
0	and are you planning to go home?
0	i think they'd like to find out.
0	john's on the line from san francisco.
0	i've learned my limitations in the kitchen.
0	that's what we're going to talk about.
0	yes i believe that that is true.
0	it's called weekends on all things considered.
0	just about two weeks to be precise.
0	no mark you raise a fascinating point.
0	we thank you for joining us   today.
0	in some places entire communities were leveled.
0	obviously i'm going to need that information.
0	i think it revolves around the sun.
0	dr. poussaint let me ask you this.
0	well that's one of the difficult things.
0	ray you're on talk of the nation.
0	fifty-year-old jean dubois says it's sarkozy's fault.
0	and of course that was never practical.
0	i think there's no doubt about that.
0	i'll take my answer via the radio.
0	and she's on the line with us.
0	and the problem isn't in the tree.
0	and they're just as likely to prevail.
0	she's very attached to our iraqi staff.
0	and congressman ami bera democrat from california.
0	privately president bush was saying something else.
0	oh thank you for taking my call.
0	let me ask john to join in.
0	and to us   that's a safety issue.
0	well floyd let me go to you.
0	since some of us are still unsure.
0	well i'm fed up with this country.
0	how did you decide the top 10?
0	in the beginning it was totally self-indulgent.
0	let me introduce my guest ronald depinho.
0	daniel thanks so much for your time.
0	why do we want to control it?
0	let's go to ellen she's in indianapolis.
0	so you know i'm doing all right.
0	thanks a lot for taking my call.
0	some people are trying to change that.
0	it's the most delicious i've ever tasted.
0	it's even hurt science to some extent.
0	well millicent atkins was an only child.
0	so set the circumstances for your life.
0	but underneath all that it's still windows.
0	so marmite is back on the shelves.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	the prisoners died but suffered prolonged pain.
0	i was cute but he was fine.
0	these are very very rich people billionaires.
0	i suspect it might be something similar.
0	but british smokers are not going quietly.
0	well another bunch are coming in mid-january.
0	well that's the something that they do.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they can borrow in the bond market.
0	now this borrower was an excellent customer.
0	and we could play to any audience.
0	we're going on over three months now.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	they can grow bones in the lab.
0	we've seen and heard outgoing rockets today.
0	no let dr. sacks   answer the question.
0	and there's good reason houston so careful.
0	there have also been some recent factors.
0	then there was the ambitious awe-inspiring dessert.
0	how do your experiences fit with perceptions?
0	basheer is in the occupied west bank.
0	take me to what exactly happened there.
0	gang violence is still a problem here.
0	and now it's time for the barbershop.
0	israeli officials called it a terrorist attack.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they do body parts in the lab.
0	but something like that happened in vegas.
0	riley thanks very much for the call.
0	so wade that's on the front line.
0	so the infrastructure systems are extremely fragile.
0	jim lehrer in a typical imus moment.
0	but you were talking about my book.
0	do they differ widely in their approaches?
0	my compensation is in the $100,000 range.
0	rabbi david rosen thank you very much.
0	greg thanks very much for the call.
0	it's kind of a romantic special name.
0	wall street is buzzing about verizon today.
0	it doesn't mean that he's not confirmable.
0	hey guys i can take whoever's next.
0	well the blackout happened first of all.
0	that's aishwarya kumar international writer for espn.
0	ellis shows off his section which includes.
0	i have to agree with marie wilson.
0	and police cleared phi psi of wrongdoing.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	chester showed up the very next day.
0	he's a blue dog from north carolina.
0	and the answer is probably iranian support.
0	so where does this canine commuter disembark?
0	npr's mandalit del barco in houston texas.
0	good to have you on the program.
0	let's hear from a voter in iowa.
0	i've spoken with a few of them.
0	nunn is a golden name in georgia.
0	i was lucky that i was young.
0	central texas is on fire right now.
0	and so what did it taste like?
0	serge tedina surfs here almost every day.
0	fortunately there's no write-in campaign for him.
0	we can't know that i don't think.
0	it is also where refugees flee from.
0	her brother-in-law was killed at   the time.
0	the advances ranged from $10,000 to 81,000.
0	i think it was a smart decision.
0	and there is an issue with enforcement.
0	perry made his money building suburban homes.
0	thank you robert have a good day.
0	we'll call you if you're the winner.
0	it was 1993 not far from toronto.
0	i don't even remember what it was.
0	she joins us here in studio 3a.
0	i think that pretty much was it.
0	it fit the sound of that season.
0	for abe this is a crisis-management strategy.
0	so in essence we're building that in.
0	who are they in terms of values?
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	well not surprisingly a made up name.
0	oh thank you for having me on.
0	well deborah howell had a great career.
0	but we're all going to come back.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	large crowds descended on the nation's capital.
0	how long have you worked in qatar?
0	well it's not as bloody as that.
0	people still going in to checkout books?
0	i'm would agree with that 100 percent.
0	and she's famous all over again now.
0	they're going to get a fair hearing.
0	ten years later there's another major collapse.
0	we were worried about that you know.
0	you can be in a terrible mood.
0	they may turn out to be unfriendly.
0	it was a scary place to live.
0	financial reports say this is increasingly common.
0	how much was his collection worth approximately?
0	she's four years into her religious life.
0	but i'm also educated agnostic you know.
0	i have flip-flops from every major designer.
0	just go to our web site npr.
0	and cheng li says china has constraints.
0	when he got out he couldn't walk.
0	but there are real solutions to them.
0	yes he's got four personal banking charges.
0	the nation's critics all praised the filmmaking.
0	and second lawrence points to presidential vetoes.
0	her appearance is incongruent with her talent.
0	and the overcrowding just didn't happen suddenly.
0	but i guess michelle you go first.
0	it's also the age of college students.
0	i also like to cook for people.
0	is that an appropriate way to go?
0	and actually i was kind of distracted.
0	from npr this is all things considered.
0	john thanks very much for the story.
0	we have no idea where he is.
0	well thank you for taking my call.
0	there are also some significant racial disparities.
0	you brought 40 strangers into your apartment.
0	it wasn't necessary for them to perish.
0	i didn't want to carry a pistol.
0	i mean how has that changed things?
0	in animal lore elephants famously never forget.
0	it's actually a personality variable as well.
0	but that's not what her website says.
0	general hoar welcome to day to day.
0	so anybody that's from here knows walters.
0	this is a class altruism and egoism.
0	his story appeared in today's austin american-statesman.
0	and how did you react to that?
0	yes i would like to see that.
0	governor pataki leaves office in 12 days.
0	well what is so motivating for you?
0	you know how i would have felt?
0	he's a reporter with wsoc-tv in charlotte.
0	well i mean i think two things.
0	so why didn't they take the money?
0	so i'm wondering what the reality is.
0	they placed some chargers and some evidence.
0	so you've dug a lot of holes.
0	i don't know if that's real optimism.
0	there was just one   questionwhat to wear.
0	no it's great to talk with you.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	so how have these proposals been received?
0	they have to watch out for that.
0	she says she'd rather replace than repair.
0	the coalition says they're looking into that.
0	it also got trump off their backs.
0	the man says his name is elario.
0	i have a really really autistic son.
0	and he's here in the studio now.
0	a bushism if there ever was one.
0	but about 10 percent are chronically homeless.
0	michael oren welcome back to the program.
0	congress restored   funding the last two years.
0	i don't remember what i was writing.
0	i believe it was all about socializing.
0	john thank you again for joining us.
0	obviously something the defense was worried about.
0	but others see it as an opportunity.
0	wielding bamboo sticks police charged the protesters.
0	he's television critic for the washington post.
0	so now do they or don't they?
0	and there is still fighting in darfur.
0	we're guilty because we ran with this.
0	she saw this as a terrific coup.
0	i think it's very important to communicate.
0	welcome back to the program joe digenova.
0	i think it's something we should do.
0	the cigar-shaped vessel is 60 feet long.
0	i remember thinking i don't want to.
0	i think i had a vacation scheduled.
0	let's go to caroline in louisville kentucky.
0	let's   not hash this out this year.
0	i can speak somewhat to dave's case.
0	scott made a fair amount of overtime.
0	not an end he says but progress.
0	and they have nobody kicks them around.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	our committee verified that report last week.
0	and that's what we're trying to avoid.
0	i'm offended when someone burns a cross.
0	it was not something you could do.
0	but it's still not the only priority.
0	he was kind of a lanky guy.
0	they include kirk edwards he's from odessa.
0	it was actually a day of futility.
0	tim thanks very much for the call.
0	our helicopter has you in its sight.
0	it hit all of the mass media.
0	i said i'm really really really sad.
0	they face racketeering charges among other charges.
0	you know they have so much about.
0	other localities are taking notice of this.
0	what was he was doing up here?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	do we know what they're saying now?
0	his wife gets in the front seat.
0	it helps me to focus and think.
0	so much of the country remains underdeveloped.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	one they say is the largest group.
0	she's a college grad living in denver.
0	now i'm going to show you something.
0	you've always been moving your legs daddy.
0	here's a a tough one sectional s-e-c-t-i-o-n-a-l.
0	she's now at the woodrow wilson center.
0	that was part of the rules too.
0	right exactly everybody's packing out right now.
0	i want to be the karate guy.
0	i could focus on my school work.
0	and to realize that everyone has flaws.
0	i see you've been studying your literature.
0	and it airs on abc this sunday.
0	some people are more sensitive than others.
0	we as a people will get there.
0	they're meant to reflect reality be reality.
0	i used to play tennis a lot.
0	that's why it's reserved for federal authority.
0	but to wein they were a passion.
0	nationwide there are roughly 100,000 backyard beekeepers.
0	each injection puts in a tiny droplet.
0	and that's what 55-year-old orlando lopez fears.
0	they're really talking about a 25-percent cut.
0	though even some raise questions about that.
0	first austin jenkins reports from olympia washington.
0	and if you do you will lose.
0	certainly keeping an eye on the weather.
0	we're seeing it with increased water temperatures.
0	john dickerson is a reporter with slate.
0	he says it's just time to go.
0	and larry what was patrick fitzgerald investigating?
0	and this is what i came across.
0	and it'sand it   has to be acknowledged.
0	thus our system of checks and balances.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	alan always good to talk with you.
0	he says he's haunted by personal guilt.
0	the gunship's call sign is grim 32.
0	i met with three different rebel groups.
0	that's when all the other shots followed.
0	he says hey give lutefisk a break.
0	you know why are you doing this?
0	he got 47 percent of the vote.
0	i used to live in northern california.
0	let's bring another guest into the conversation.
0	well bruce we're out of time anyway.
0	and you can comment on your blog.
0	it's a fungible global market for oil.
0	you can also call us at 800-989-8255.
0	also joining the conversation is omoyele sowore.
0	i mean it's part of his makeup.
0	the final point would be on electricity.
0	and i was born and raised here.
0	one of these women is allyssa allison.
0	the chief he's got his hand up.
0	i think there   is room for them.
0	i think it was three years altogether.
0	soldiers have held a grudge ever since.
0	great idea longer time frame new technology.
0	and michael thank you for your call.
0	you have to run a national campaign.
0	brack is with us from rome georgia.
0	what if it's part of a pattern?
0	so that line brought the house down.
0	we don't like this in this candidate.
0	but he has been losing the debate.
0	absolutely and this is the european end.
0	are these legitimate concerns to your mind?
0	well where are we going to live?
0	and he says we never understood them.
0	but to that point i know that.
0	now it's time for our poet's moment.
0	absolute i couldn't agree more with michael.
0	it's still fun to sing every time.
0	chris i'm afraid we're out of time.
0	and as npr's laura   sydell reports yahoo!
0	robert shaw is a 54-year-old white kenyan.
0	that's a year when official inflation declined.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	that was the truth in certain areas.
0	one of the last states right absolutely.
0	you know pensioners had to pay this.
0	and what did people say to you?
0	and they'd like to see some peace.
0	so what did you make of that?
0	students don't talk about depression among themselves?
0	that's what the women thought too apparently.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	the highest number in american history right?
0	no no it was not a day.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	that's correct and where was he buried?
0	i just won't get off the point.
0	i don't know much about that book.
0	but graham says she's still a democrat.
0	that's good enough reason to stay there.
0	well let me speak from personal experience.
0	but this raises all sorts of questions.
0	there was no partisanship on the   staff.
0	fernandez saw the gunmen coolly open fire.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	can i ask you a question ann.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	and let's listen to some of that.
0	but for npr it is a blow.
0	who's the entertainer and what's the organization?
0	david savage of the los angeles times.
0	so your religion is basically the advance.
0	you should not feel bad about it.
0	it included italian instructors training kurdish fighters.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	and this oh it's a little paw.
0	and then i realized oh my god.
0	david savage of the los angeles times.
0	it's why i don't do drugs anymore.
0	hi thank you how are you today?
0	but what made it seem worth investigating?
0	president saleh got slapped around very publicly.
0	he paid a visit to then-president bush.
0	those students first disappeared on september 26.
0	but if say according to the archives.
0	and i think it's a good thing.
0	what about now what's he saying now?
0	we're talking with political junkie ken rudin.
0	it no longer exists but discrimination does.
0	and did you discuss it with him?
0	edwards says he didn't have a choice.
0	these tests were formally declassified in 1993.
0	well francis rejects the ordination of women.
0	rupert and james murdoch are american citizens.
0	they've asked for technical cooperation from abroad.
0	because what he saw overstated the case.
0	he beat santorum by 12 percentage points.
0	we were talking about a brokered convention.
0	so she did come off as credible.
0	and the question is who blinks first?
0	immigration courts are not like criminal courts.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. earle.
0	well i don't have regrets about it.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	here is gilroy police chief scot smithee.
0	and how do you search for that?
0	thanks so much for your call sarah.
0	npr senior correspondent juan williams is here.
0	governor what's the plan to deal with.
0	i lost 30 pounds that first summer.
0	we want these things to come down.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	so these people are peddling short-term illusions.
0	another month it's the raymond davis case.
0	one of them is 17-year-old daniela armijo.
0	where are we in that longer-term discussion?
0	plays on defense as well as offense.
0	no. we'll go a mile it'll stop.
0	that's nine times the new york times.
0	that's npr's julie mccarthy in new delhi.
0	can you see yourself as a prophet?
0	the u.s. has not done this before.
0	thank you and have a great holiday.
0	yeah she's crawling around on the floor.
0	and that was a pretty intense thing.
0	how was it getting home for you?
0	we reached jennifer ford just outside   mael-carhaix.
0	and we look forward to its completion.
0	it even necessitated a maureen dowd column.
0	that represents failure somewhere in the system.
0	well it's got to be about incentives.
0	stephenson a very generous benefactor of freedomworks.
0	yeah if it's an issue for me.
0	how many of our people are employed?
0	it came out a few years ago.
0	like it was a mix of feelings.
0	ground convoys won't be driving into them.
0	that's the first thing that they want.
0	let's go to zach in iowa city.
0	i'm quite well hope you are too.
0	she's attended five tour de france races.
0	working from home is a wonderful thing.
0	that's up to the listeners to decide.
0	why aren't we seeing more of them?
0	the ending is on the library shelves.
0	but essentially he was a working man.
0	well where did the rock come from?
0	i think everybody has been following that.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	some immigrants are impressive during these sessions.
0	it's been illegal for decades in india.
0	the school offers free board and tuition.
0	thank you again for being with us.
0	and then you can go ahead now.
0	jennifer you want to take that on?
0	they didn't bow down to the colts.
0	here's what else i've got to say.
0	our democracy passed a very important test.
0	well it's a double-edged sword you know.
0	for me it was just more visible.
0	well there's hope for all of us.
0	everyone says the cfls are always expensive.
0	it certainly will hang in our home.
0	another prominent banker was murdered last year.
0	he wants out of the county system.
0	you have chickweed crostini on our website.
0	what did he tell you about that?
0	and the next morning i woke up.
0	oh everything you know everything is fuel-based.
0	it's just out of control i think.
0	maybe we'll see that version next year.
0	i didn't know maxwell house still existed.
0	they should report players who are aggressive.
0	they see it as a kangaroo court.
0	yeah i wouldn't want people to be.
0	it's what my spirit is journeying through.
0	there is nothing to be afraid of.
0	like an ibm watson learns to dance.
0	some of them started to pass out.
0	he joins me here in the studio.
0	which brings us back to speed dating.
0	we all get nervous on the radio.
0	so tell mitt romney kittens are cute.
0	you work in a school i assume?
0	former chief of fbi's behavioral science unit.
0	and that takes some time and most.
0	from my end it was a no-brainer.
0	so this is not a new concept.
0	carrying out a search warrant obviously legal.
0	here's amy sisk of prairie public broadcasting.
0	for more we've got reverend brenda lamothe.
0	but cuba was such a beautiful place.
0	we talk about the customized dress foods.
0	that's bobby gruenewald a pastor at lifechurch.
0	we had lots of exchanges of officers.
0	that's probably more of a reasonable goal.
0	then laura ling talked about their ordeal.
0	mary and ron thank you so much.
0	i can't be whole in houston   texas.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	when i think ethnic i think conan.
0	they're just their moods are actually good.
0	facebook gets money out of this deal?
0	can you describe the scene for us?
0	what's the county unemployment like these days?
0	we've had a really long bull market.
0	and there it was the missing pathway.
0	the latch flips open on the suitcase.
0	we treat it as a crime scene.
0	delay on the insurgents' side michael rubin?
0	there's a good night life in karbala.
0	and for the most part they communicated.
0	well i can speak specifically to neptune.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	walt thanks very much for your time.
0	we want to talk about race relations.
0	he's the last the family without papers.
0	similarly for instance there is also chromium.
0	people have an absolute right to privacy.
0	last week there was a significant development.
0	much of it was just hidden away.
0	but this week we have a fill-in.
0	you can also drop as in email.
0	but sibri says some students were worried.
0	what are you going to do now?
0	well prince saud addressed that one directly.
0	tell us what the situation is politically.
0	it would it was a real loss.
0	yesterday they just met for 37 minutes.
0	he writes for the wall street journal.
0	i spoke earlier today with hatem mukhlis.
0	so it turned around and went home.
0	a salt found in oranges and lemons?
0	what actions would you want to see?
0	politicians have scrambled to contain the damage.
0	those are two really good questions connor.
0	you told a very funny story though.
0	puigdemont himself could face charges of rebellion.
0	and i thank you for reminding me.
0	because scott what different kinds of caves?
0	you know and that kind of stuff?
0	nobody knows how these people are doing.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	sam was otherwise known as rattlesnake jones.
0	born and raised born born and raised.
0	rape is a real crisis in congo.
0	police concluded he was a suicide bomber.
0	coming up the cards and the tigers.
0	it will re-grow in the next season.
0	those ideas haven't been put together coherently.
0	but we're going to rebuild the fbi.
0	and so it's just a bad word.
0	winans first we're sorry for your loss.
0	that's another descriptor that drives me crazy.
0	fine children the image of their mother.
0	that's our topic too for   today's roundtable.
0	how   biglaura washington coming to you first.
0	so there's no reason for head hanging.
0	seems like an unnecessary sacrifice his car.
0	we're not as terrible as we think.
0	and you know you never heard it.
0	and president trump has been taking credit.
0	it's a long weekend the weather's warm.
0	and how will you be paying today?
0	culture cycles every 20 years or so.
0	somewhere jim henson is laughing just laughing.
0	no i do not have a car.
0	what is the plan for this rocket?
0	but i mean people want to know.
0	and i was good for a year.
0	and that is get your car stolen.
0	thanks thanks very much for the call.
0	so where do you go from here?
0	we shouldn't drill in a waste land.
0	i'm going to give you two words.
0	it's a little awkward for everyone involved.
0	you were not that student were you?
0	you've got the government involved here though.
0	he says this isn't just good fun.
0	but they're really frustrated and they're tired.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	he covers the justice department for npr.
0	it's not impacted by this at all.
0	the movie is called an inconvenient truth.
0	apple creates this fabulous new smart phone.
0	they do not want to move there.
0	so heinz and kraft ketchup and velveeta.
0	if the person absolutely the same thing.
0	let's hear a little bit of it.
0	do i have this right mr. dural?
0	i mean it'sthe music is very challenging.
0	so it's a very college-centered fan base.
0	i had moved out into the forest.
0	he said it's a waste of time.
0	why should we believe you this time?
0	my friend's husband john sauntered up interested.
0	mr. coleslaw burger is on pico boulevard.
0	act five mapping the world through taste.
0	he was born and raised in chicago.
0	you mean it might be something environmentally.
0	so interesting new studies about bending lights.
0	let me back up a little bit.
0	well there are lots of holes really.
0	and i've got about 25 in there.
0	well let's go beyond just the military.
0	here is the dirty little secret though.
0	i was glad to offer strategic advice.
0	i'm just me trying to stay healthy.
0	so that is not the correct answer.
0	we called up that reporter joe parris.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	drug and human smuggling home invasions murder.
0	dres remembers his record   label mercury folded.
0	but american history is full of contradictions.
0	kind of a strange power to have.
0	mike completed his survey earlier this month.
0	the latest proposal makes fadmir shalla nervous.
0	she even got some pretty good reviews.
0	you weren't part of the arizona legislation.
0	another psa test had a higher score.
0	this is stephanie calling from madison wisconsin.
0	so it's a distraction it's a problem.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and on that issue all sides agree.
0	what do you think this means e.j.?
0	but it's roughly that on the website.
0	i'm from dubai but a british pakistani.
0	all they have is a slab left.
0	hey thanks for giving me the chance.
0	this is the sound of soldier bees.
0	the main sticking point is health care.
0	you know it's almost like a scapegoat.
0	mike journee is spokesman for the mayor.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	he's involved in the boise case too.
0	he rated rita on a 10-point scale.
0	no reports yet of injury or death.
0	earlier today i spoke with representative harman.
0	and this just seemed better than driving.
0	this is special coverage from npr news.
0	is there an answer or a hypothesis?
0	what kind of stuff is he featuring?
0	the broncos play the lions this sunday.
0	well his father had several other children.
0	you have the syrian war next door.
0	this is fascinating about using the stars.
0	what do you want to see happen?
0	well again it's the kindness of strangers.
0	and john's with us from grand rapids.
0	it actually came several appearances after that.
0	he was a long-time d.c. police officer.
0	you know sometimes we make people day.
0	the second family is the evans family.
0	allison you bring champagne you bring music.
0	he joins us from kuhf in houston.
0	lieutenant governor mitch landrieu speaks more cautiously.
0	it's about how best to pour champagne.
0	they don't let their names get out.
0	you've been covering cpac for 13 years.
0	well i'm damn proud of you guys.
0	but its berry has no nutritional value.
0	it's not just about people of color.
0	willis is with us from st. louis.
0	we would prefer to see gradual change.
0	what was the inspiration for that song?
0	i've been here most of my life.
0	that's the visual artist known as candelario.
0	she directs the project on government oversight.
0	if i cut my thumb it's tragedy.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	but then you know he came back.
0	the leadership genius of george w. bush.
0	it is a game not a sport.
0	it needs some kind of a support.
0	how do you even go about trying?
0	how do they compare to all this?
0	and i still have trouble with that.
0	he's got to keep   his strength up.
0	alshehri teaches chemistry at king saud university.
0	this is as you mentioned federal domain.
0	that's a slower gait than a gallop.
0	according to counterpoint research amazon has 11.
0	and will you be one of them?
0	that's npr's mara liasson reporting from iowa.
0	you just heard republican congressman paul ryan.
0	so you might be running against yourself.
0	but what i think is still allowed.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	it led to a lot of anger.
0	two days later dozens of protestors remain.
0	the situation risks getting out of control.
0	but the foodit has to come   first.
0	i didn't even know those things existed.
0	david carr from the new york times.
0	fact-checking while standing with another world leader.
0	st. paul is a longtime   democratic stronghold.
0	but unlike padilla hamdi was arrested   overseas.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	nader thanks very much for the call.
0	from npr west it's all things considered.
0	well daryl metcalfe good luck to you.
0	vincent racaniello studies viruses at columbia university.
0	it's a long shot but it's possible.
0	jared thanks very much for the call.
0	well in 2010 that reality was banned.
0	in fact it's rapidly deteriorating toward chaos.
0	and people are forced to do it.
0	and of course there's an irony here.
0	many more people have left the area.
0	i called many places wherever   my friends.
0	it's become a highly charged political issue.
0	again and again it works really well.
0	but not everyone agrees these camps work.
0	she doesn't have to go for coffee.
0	they don't want to be on strike.
0	is being black a commodity these days?
0	hello yeah my guess was joe lieberman.
0	i don't think that cost him election.
0	jerry welcome to talk of the nation.
0	wouldn't efforts that hurt assad help them?
0	sometimes i'll get a little bit vocal.
0	i think you should have sung it.
0	it is much were complicated than that.
0	but there's obviously a lot of   uncertainty.
0	we saw the spiritual head of hezbollah.
0	was there panic or was it   orderly?
0	workers and activists were cheering her on.
0	day to day returns in a moment.
0	you mentioned the house intelligence committee report.
0	there's enough help here to do it.
0	well i'll give you a personal experience.
0	here's what i would say about clinton.
0	and what about the 2020 presidential contenders?
0	thanks very much for the call david.
0	and ups drivers did this rather similarly.
0	no. that didn't even cross my mind.
0	i come from a really dysfunctional one.
0	it has a church in the   middle.
0	and so he was fully behind that.
0	the eye for this was on cable.
0	don't worry about how your voice sounds.
0	senator thanks so much for joining us.
0	on the other hand and forgive me.
0	so this is a pretty broad campaign.
0	much of that honestly is being threatened.
0	we're back now with our bloggers' roundtable.
0	we found out he has been subpoenaed.
0	one person's problem is another's opportunity neal.
0	i don't know which but go ahead.
0	and then you tap first the row.
0	i just call these people to quit.
0	i don't care i have never cared.
0	it's a unique approach to the medium.
0	president ghani has actually been very clear.
0	sir i'd like to ask you this.
0	can you amplify this a little bit?
0	you see babies sleeping on the ground.
0	bruce is on the line from charlotte.
0	i was going to say steve largent.
0	but have you asked the right   people?
0	and usually they're about 95 percent correct.
0	it could really be almost anywhere actually.
0	and i had organs failing iv therapy.
0	it's unlikely paul manafort himself will testify.
0	well it wasn't just three straight walks.
0	hey thanks a lot for having me.
0	that must be one of my cousins.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	thanks for letting me go home early.
0	we're going to assess all those facts.
0	there really wasn't a san francisco sound.
0	she has just thrown her hat in.
0	what are the new egg rules then?
0	that would make breathing so much fun.
0	the bride is walking down the aisle.
0	carl calling from wrangell mountains in alaska.
0	mr. waxman thanks for being with us.
0	i've seen your work your life's work.
0	jeff you're on talk of the nation.
0	they take them to the doctors' appointments.
0	reentry is tough even for the self-employed.
0	and that's known as a glass eel.
0	lizzie with us from kittery in maine.
0	lizzie thanks very much for the call.
0	many are also at risk of starvation.
0	but that glen didn't think that way.
0	well you've inactivated most of the organisms.
0	and that's causing problems for the president.
0	in other words they're respiring breathing objects.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	hussein the eldest is in charge here.
0	but anyway everybody always asks about carl.
0	and the tone from the u.s. side?
0	and so the government is claiming victory.
0	now i disagreed with the gun amendment.
0	so what can we learn from this?
0	so take us back to the beginning.
0	you say that there are capital requirements.
0	it was instead mike pence of indiana.
0	so where are we in this moment?
0	that's npr's ailsa chang on capitol hill.
0	you were there for the newtown conn.
0	people were literally diving for their lives.
0	he knew there would be crowds out.
0	four candidates reported $10 million or more.
0	i'm a photo journalist here in cincinnati.
0	and that hair's not white it's blonde.
0	what is actually different on the ground?
0	what happens now between the two countries?
0	let's go to beth in ottawa illinois.
0	well her early background is fairly straightforward.
0	he's a co-author of the new paper.
0	we do what we're supposed to   do.
0	that is what bavarian police are saying.
0	you know it's a game of twister.
0	yes in general i would say that.
0	elise always a pleasure talking with you.
0	why did they make the announcement now?
0	that's dean kamen inventor of the segway.
0	may this day be the change point.
0	what are you learning about the victims?
0	thanks so much for joining us today.
0	well let me ask greg this then.
0	most of us remember how this ended.
0	brad's with us from pinedale in wyoming.
0	do you have any native american ancestry?
0	i was raised to be a doctor.
0	there's not a lot you can do.
0	we decided to do something different today.
0	this year's is march 7-9 in brooklyn.
0	here is a penny for your thoughts.
0	they like to hold public officials accountable.
0	and those with one would choose one.
0	curtis with us from jacksonville in florida.
0	and we have a closed primary here.
0	a hostage they were holding was freed.
0	robert klein thank you for joining us.
0	will you and your democratic colleagues participate?
0	this is eve frantz from fairfax calif.
0	i certainly have been involved in that.
0	and the service is not cheap either.
0	rapes and sexual assaults are not allowed.
0	so they'll fight for the federal preemption.
0	because i have a connection with you.
0	they do a white elephant gift exchange.
0	and how many people are using this?
0	but right now i don't think so.
0	that's right and they're doing more things.
0	in 2008 he crashed south of baghdad.
0	thanks very much to all of you.
0	my partner lives in fort campbell kentucky.
0	they can do this on their own.
0	that's the fingerprint of the god particle.
0	you leave the head on the plate.
0	well david brooks what do you think?
0	those are usually based on ozone measurements.
0	well now there's an app for that.
0	i find myself energetically massaging his shoulders.
0	what a great feature and so in-depth.
0	thank you for joining us dr. lehman.
0	time now for our regular music feature.
0	and we should get over the stigma.
0	i'm not going to be afraid anymore.
0	let me stop you for one second.
0	of course having record-breaking turnout presents challenges.
0	when it's in balance it's very positive.
0	do you feel like you're an american?
0	and let's get lee on the line.
0	it was 4 o'clock in the morning.
0	so he'll get that opportunity this evening.
0	good to have you with us april.
0	guys i can hear you over here.
0	from npr west it's all things considered.
0	he's only had one fight at school.
0	how long have you been in recovery?
0	on tv don't they call that hiatus?
0	did you do it to defy expectations?
0	well how much is a suicide worth?
0	mr. cooper thanks for talking with us.
0	and her teachers are the same teachers.
0	i was reading about yahoo for example.
0	and many people are also delaying childbirth.
0	they threw me in the cement mixer.
0	mr. cooper what about republican party unity?
0	god is   involved in the physical reality.
0	so the meat and the juices fade.
0	and it was not dead this prawn.
0	you're supposed to keep your children alive.
0	you're spitting out the soul of france.
0	indeed you will drive me to madness.
0	and i think it puts people off.
0	it could be a squirrel or raccoon.
0	that one seems stretching it to me.
0	they have in some way or another.
0	it was a creature in your house.
0	no. no no no. it just suggests.
0	but it's not going to win competitions.
0	that brings the past alive for you.
0	he was a prisoner support service inmate.
0	gen-xers how could you stand these people?
0	they don't have a list of membership.
0	they did and we cut it right?
0	you know terrible crush is an oxymoron.
0	so how far down did you drill?
0	the potential for india's growth is enormous.
0	how in the world does that happen?
0	actually in proust and fielding ortolan appear.
0	so then we might review the decision.
0	things have changed a lot for joseph.
0	they hadn't been there for that long.
0	well it there's definitely been widespread frustration.
0	so do your friends think it's weird?
0	everyone else will benefit from supporting obama.
0	but then i look at the numbers.
0	that's just absolutely the way it was.
0	is that what we're looking for again?
0	and we'll see what happens with that.
0	now you've been married before too yeah?
0	and number six is often just awful.
0	john wentworth is on the town council.
0	and that translated into a better memory.
0	sabharwal shows a pic of his niece.
0	it'll get shortened back to lunar module.
0	they understand the world a lot better.
0	well he found that assumption deeply offensive.
0	and so then the bagel is ready.
0	so let me restate my first question.
0	so play that on the keyboard here.
0	don't they listen to the whole show?
0	so that's the tonic of your kitchen?
0	harry tankel is a volunteer committee person.
0	one of his pals wants a car.
0	i actually called out for my mom.
0	they were at the deli to vote.
0	others plan their visits further in advance.
0	rideout is not a mountain climber herself.
0	and they'd be gone for a while.
0	ruth thanks very much for the call.
0	so we can track the whole thing.
0	misha glenny is our guest this hour.
0	the fireworks got lit and he exploded.
0	there wasn't enough proof that they worked.
0	that's not likely to make a comeback.
0	how does digital compare to film now?
0	today israel launched its withdrawal from gaza.
0	but i try to keep people informed.
0	today on our program notes on camp.
0	is this a defeat for turkish secularists?
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	now her petition has thousands of signatures.
0	clearly we have a great understanding now.
0	nobody was going to get near her.
0	was there any polling taken on this?
0	but they don't do people at all.
0	her best finish to date is 17th.
0	well that's what they're trying to do.
0	and they live there in the hospital.
0	and kids just are constantly getting sick.
0	we're not going to be as relevant?
0	but how did you actually meet up?
0	and we all know what happened then.
0	liberal l-i-b-e-r-a-l plus n as in nancy.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but his life refused to be simplified.
0	they're riding motorcycles and horses carrying people.
0	these are not parents who are uninformed.
0	but hr503 wasn't about those other animals.
0	it hardly seems worth it to me.
0	this is for a lot of people.
0	they became very astute students of etymology.
0	this will not be a partisan vote.
0	plugat barach is going to do this.
0	ethereal well there's the ether you know.
0	you can also go to our website.
0	then she explained how she informed him.
0	who were the patrons of that cafe?
0	he joins us from wypr in baltimore.
0	alissa and jamie look shocked and heartbroken.
0	arun always good to be with you.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	she was in school in bloomfield conn.
0	let's go to the audience right here.
0	right here let's start on this side.
0	and describe how you were all outfitted.
0	yeah i think that's a great question.
0	we'll have to comeback with some manyana.
0	our caller mentioned she was ethnically vietnamese.
0	our angle was beauty but modern beauty.
0	from new york npr's luke   burbank reports.
0	there were still a lot of plates.
0	first of all there was no press.
0	i mean where's the fun in that?
0	i was a police reporter for years.
0	how are you going to decide that?
0	now it's time to win over others.
0	communicating risk is not a popular thing.
0	i have to go to the factory.
0	thank you very much for coming in.
0	thanks very much for the call steve.
0	so we're learning the sentimental you know.
0	i mean i'm not sentenced to death.
0	thanks so much for your call tony.
0	we never guaranteed anything on any date.
0	the two of them hanging out together.
0	that's like talking like a mash unit.
0	yeah i had a question for jenji.
0	we didn't know anything about each other.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and he says this drought is worse.
0	they also say it's a stalling tactic.
0	i don't know what this is farai.
0	you have your camera there with you?
0	well what's really frustrating is they were.
0	and it just didn't feel so great.
0	call in at 202-216-9217 with your questions.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	i don't think that's necessarily the disagreement.
0	the cost for this would be $150,000.
0	we were instantly comfortable with each other.
0	and i had not had that experience.
0	and he always told me he did.
0	we form all kinds of positive things.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it was great to be here ed.
0	one of those people was anna krokosz.
0	clarence otis jr. is one of them.
0	we may see somebody get acquired again.
0	we know you've got some good ones.
0	i think he's committed to his family.
0	and you're testing this on in people.
0	yeah it's two entries down at www.
0	for day to day i'm rene gutel.
0	they were really paying attention and watching.
0	it should be timely targeted and temporary.
0	day to day returns in a moment.
0	when i'm dancing i feel happy glad.
0	they allowed no input by the republicans.
0	so that's pretty outside the normal bounds.
0	macica works for a health care consultant.
0	and you find it realistic or just.
0	that's not the business that we're in.
0	this year was sort of an exception.
0	and i think it's great for ginny.
0	see where the moisture meets down there?
0	he speaks through a sign language interpreter.
0	it's just not the way they are.
0	a deaf school needed a deaf president.
0	josh he's 11 and isabel is 10.
0	and teammate danny kass won the silver.
0	so it's kind of hard you know.
0	well this is what happened to me.
0	even their mathematic questions often involve words.
0	so they're   saying students are not confused.
0	steve welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and it became this obsession i admit.
0	that isn't the way that it works.
0	this really was not that long ago.
0	tony price heads the local pressmen's union.
0	wow and so within seconds it's done.
0	it's not her spine we're worried about.
0	the big disagreements happen inside the party.
0	i waited till late and crept out.
0	he said it didn't make any sense.
0	i don't like the term presumed consent.
0	gee i thought we were a hit.
0	with real estate it's a little tricky.
0	and then i started thinking about it.
0	and we finally get the fire out.
0	ed lichstein is a 62-year-old school counselor.
0	you know these are old-time wise men.
0	add more cabs more traffic less money.
0	clinton also dropped this piece of news.
0	she is a very dynamic charismatic   speaker.
0	act three bad sex with bud kemp.
0	sounds unremarkable until someone explains the code.
0	and it's the middle of rush hour.
0	over time the state legislature turned republican.
0	it's a good insurance policy for vegans.
0	here's npr national political correspondent don gonyea.
0	the second problem is the water deficit.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	jody rosen is music critic for slate.
0	then again again i actually am somewhere.
0	it's an anti-consumer practice pure and simply.
0	and you felt that all day long.
0	we at science friday we like peabody.
0	i was just wondering who you are.
0	and they learned all these verbal skills.
0	everything worked like it should in january.
0	tapia says it's more like seed money.
0	texas had been democratic turf since reconstruction.
0	ten seconds later she told me this.
0	do you have a food that soothes?
0	so that's one of the good things.
0	police stops of black motorists went down.
0	no it's going to have four letters.
0	i'm glad you let us know that.
0	he was going to be a preacher.
0	he was 18 when they got married.
0	time now for more of your poems.
0	let's go to jim in canton ohio.
0	tell me about the arab american news.
0	well we started in collaboration with nbc.
0	welcome to talk of the nation hiawatha.
0	we have to represent conservatives as well.
0	and i lived through this in vietnam.
0	thanks so much for taking my call.
0	tina thanks very much for the call.
0	so they're not about to endanger it.
0	you must it still must be encouraging.
0	whose opinion do i go by here?
0	but that will take time to form.
0	and you can follow your dreams brandon.
0	that was then and this is now!
0	and i was really love with her.
0	we can't go back to the savannas.
0	say a bartender is taking too long.
0	she slides the photos onto the lightbox.
0	tell me more about this circus celebration.
0	in fact it's the capital of tequila.
0	looming over their work is a whiteboard.
0	oh you can't give us a hint.
0	he calls the sunday work restrictions crazy.
0	how are you responding to this news?
0	they don't have an constituency in rwanda.
0	that may be slowing right now though.
0	they do want to protect the dreamers.
0	yeah as it was convenient for him.
0	ak is with us from dixon illinois.
0	it's going to be a great winter.
0	eleanor ultimately emily is behind senator obama.
0	and my father remarried the day after.
0	chris sarson the producer who rejected me.
0	because here is what's going to happen.
0	families lived way up in the mountains.
0	paul thanks very much for your call.
0	well he was governor at the time.
0	make that drink really cold i say.
0	and i'll tell you why i'm concerned.
0	six brands it turned out were fine.
0	the secret is hiding in their poop.
0	the following phrase better be simple though.
0	which brings us to today's radio program.
0	i just worked and raised the children.
0	i'm laura sullivan in for guy raz.
0	first here's white house correspondent don gonyea.
0	this will kill me a second time.
0	he looks like god's crazy nephew phil.
0	this week was especially hard on durrell.
0	number two is flunky deuce and house.
0	i have half my family lives overseas.
0	steve harper lives in big sur california.
0	we're asking you to be our reporters.
0	these aren't republican words or democratic words.
0	mccain did and some other republicans did.
0	jeff blackburn is the chief counsel there.
0	xeni's reports are available as a podcast.
0	the tea party movement helped she says.
0	the murder happened in october of 2006.
0	we tightened our belt a little bit.
0	the college is considering whether to appeal.
0	and then the next item was adjournment.
0	npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson is in cairo.
0	i was away but i'm back now.
0	i was trying to reach lorraine brazier.
0	i see four different issues with this.
0	i think that's exactly what it is.
0	now we've got to try and compensate.
0	you were deployed to iraq in 2003.
0	i was the weirdo on this bus.
0	the man was my discovery not theirs.
0	and the food looks like that too.
0	so presumably yes this will be welcomed.
0	and which nobel peace recipient is it?
0	what happens do they ever become sated?
0	i think it's partly because of ignorance.
0	so that's a more progressive democratic bill.
0	and again this is not population driven.
0	can we change this sound bed here?
0	where does the tally stand right now?
0	and it creates huge opportunities for everyone.
0	and i'm six years sober now and.
0	mwelu lives in a thatched mud hut.
0	you're talking to this man this stranger.
0	that still is a significant outstanding issue.
0	i have a little bit different take.
0	no. no that's definitely not the case.
0	just as well he thinks half-meaning it.
0	oh my god end of the world.
0	with nickel creek she'd mostly just dabbled.
0	he well this is a little complicated.
0	julie mccarthy npr news la paz bolivia.
0	she's a marine lieutenant a college athlete.
0	it won't discuss funding or troop levels.
0	daniel potter of member station wpln reports.
0	dubbed the hip-hop violinist she's really misnamed.
0	i don't want to get into it.
0	the building was shuttered after hurricane katrina.
0	i had no help at the time.
0	the station was back on the air.
0	it's kind of the other way around.
0	whom to invite is a big minefield.
0	and electric cars have been enormously politicized.
0	well where do we go from here?
0	something similar happened with the early restaurant.
0	i can hear the cowbells more cowbells.
0	those are called prop or proposition bets.
0	we start to think about freedom yes.
0	saddam is the disaster of my life.
0	tomorrow the president has invited house republicans.
0	he had a severely debeaked upper beak.
0	and they'll sit with you for hours.
0	yes i want to report an emergency.
0	and i think it's even more now.
0	i just think about him every day.
0	and witnesses do get murdered from time-to-time.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	they're in the nfl and the nba.
0	alana welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and so the villager brings some leeks.
0	jessica welcome to talk of the nation.
0	i lost my keys to my truck.
0	they have to end the sectarian killings.
0	paul robinson do you want to comment?
0	this is lea williams in santa barbara.
0	well democrats have not set investigations aside.
0	he ate all but one of them.
0	have you learned things you didn't know?
0	no he has left there's brushstrokes there.
0	i'm tony cox in for ed gordon.
0	how serious is the threat from iran?
0	i think it is a serious threat.
0	he's known for his love of landscapes.
0	are you hearing that from your community?
0	but i think that is the key.
0	you taught at an ivy league university.
0	an update on the trayvon martin story.
0	and i was just kind of curious.
0	we are on the floor of ces.
0	it's not too late for laura's mentee.
0	chris you were there in the restaurant?
0	i think that's exactly what it means.
0	let's not do the most extreme thing.
0	i've been driving up here every day.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	donna and joe thanks for joining us.
0	back in 1995 i published a book.
0	and we're kind of excited about that.
0	let's go to jeff in jacksonville florida.
0	she co-sponsored legislation that launched the program.
0	here's an opportunity for the obama campaign.
0	well those issues are largely behind us.
0	i must have misunderstood the constitution piece.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and we haven't talk about foreclosure mitigation.
0	and so it's a question of priority.
0	and what was the most meaningful part?
0	there was a kind of mixed emotions.
0	thank you thank you for having me.
0	ken rogoff thanks for talking with us.
0	he comes from cape girardeau in missouri.
0	recently crime is again on the rise.
0	well actually you just answered my question.
0	and it's the future of health care.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	yeah they'll be beige no matter what.
0	and pakistan has lived in india's shadow.
0	in chattanooga obama insisted he'll keep trying.
0	in cayey puerto rico i'm sarah varney.
0	you said you would absolutely do that.
0	and i'm on as-needed anxiety medication hydroxyzine.
0	why are the we mentioned dan rather.
0	how do i try and counter that?
0	so what happens to these devices now?
0	thanks very much for speaking with us.
0	the bush administration released over 500 people.
0	and how did you react to that?
0	and now it's well over 2 million.
0	sdrs are used internally at the imf.
0	it was like for maybe 10 seconds.
0	dan is calling us from birmingham alabama.
0	it's about what the russians see themselves.
0	in math and the sciences it's 32,000.
0	i never thought i was a boy.
0	and then you got remarried in what?
0	and hunch is itself a user-generated site.
0	and it does isolate me at times.
0	well there are a number of reasons.
0	are there any obvious alternatives to him?
0	it spends no money on yoga epidemiology.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	and my stomach is just very churny.
0	and the reverent wright does interest them.
0	would you like a cup of coffee?
0	there was no fluid around the heart.
0	well they showed up at 11 o'clock.
0	when i come to i hear clinton.
0	anything that puts torque on the neck.
0	my five days of chemo are over.
0	but karen would have none of it.
0	i am saying that about john kerry.
0	he has 30 years of mining experience.
0	so they look sort of homemade maybe?
0	julie vose is my doctor in omaha.
0	scott's calling on the line from jacksonville.
0	harrison says the pashtun gained some autonomy.
0	you know who i'm looking for man?
0	and they're all saying you're a baby.
0	so i just didn't think about it.
0	joanne mris are more expensive than mammograms.
0	he denies saying it quite that way.
0	well i don't think they're there yet.
0	it was my first time at sundance.
0	there's a lot going on here patrick.
0	scott mcclellan has changed something is wrong.
0	we've had your boss on many times.
0	you are free to jump in anytime.
0	but motives also play out in relationships.
0	joe doesn't know what he's talking about.
0	you know i'm not the right sex?
0	that surprisingly is the expert opinion of.
0	i felt a baby in my hands.
0	i wonder why she would say that?
0	but russia is not the only obstacle.
0	yes preparing for the mardi gras day.
0	because i voted for a black president.
0	well right now europe is on vacation.
0	at 74 he's my oldest living relative.
0	i always thought he was over there.
0	oh it was worse than hand typing.
0	and it means they can charge more.
0	it's called it rubbish and wild accusations.
0	well i think it's a sad story.
0	for npr news this is pat dowell.
0	can you help me understand that mindset?
0	immigration is a hot issue with voters.
0	you ain't got to give your name.
0	it's one of my fondest memories ever.
0	but this texan is anything but typical.
0	he's with us now from new york.
0	thanks very much for the call patrick.
0	so the disparity has been a problem.
0	they wanted his family to question him.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and they didn't have a backup plan.
0	and let me go to condoleezza rice.
0	i mean that's not going to work.
0	israel wants them to break up again.
0	that's another mechanism for this to happen.
0	there's thousands of athletes we're talking about.
0	they were important characters in that movie.
0	you mince no words in this book.
0	and they said this dam could fail.
0	the deadline for those signatures is tomorrow.
0	so i kept it in the closet.
0	who are the finns he said angrily.
0	it's called the best foreign language film.
0	that's our video pick of the week.
0	no i don't think it was fair.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	so where's the backdrop in your town?
0	that's kind of what the tee-nah-nah is.
0	that's you being quoted in marie claire.
0	all that matters is that you're ok.
0	act two the invisible leading the blind.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	a kurdish driver responds saying so what?
0	well carol are you speaking from experience?
0	but you're not hearing that are you?
0	it's really a focus on the states.
0	what does this election mean to them?
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	now we have well more than 10,000.
0	you don't know what cupid's eczema is.
0	i have 14 years of continuous sobriety.
0	so paul let me start with you.
0	but why would we consider that efficient?
0	and with that a star was born.
0	you've written a guide to these reports.
0	ken welcome to talk of the nation.
0	anne welcome to talk of the nation.
0	this is rachel from canton south dakota.
0	are they doing any of this voluntarily?
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	i mean you had plenty of money.
0	will the racial bridge hold in chicago?
0	i'm upset there's no chess players here.
0	i want to get zofran every day.
0	they just basically give it rave reviews.
0	well that is the interesting thing here.
0	they're to me that's the complex right?
0	i see many many variations on it.
0	and that from i still have that.
0	at p.o. box 8213 portland oregon 97207.
0	that's actually also what cyber actually means.
0	okay well thanks for the call kalil.
0	of course that's how these markets work.
0	there were gunshots fired through her window.
0	he doesn't have a prior criminal record.
0	so we'll talk about that next week.
0	it's not going to go on forever.
0	yeah but that was like a malaise.
0	its the baby-boom generation thats coming out.
0	ira flatow will be back next week.
0	i shuffled from one test to another.
0	hopefully they're going to run it properly.
0	now quite clearly those are impossible numbers.
0	she wants to talk to me privately.
0	we're talking about the so-called aids pill.
0	and that's the other part of it.
0	there are a lot of users group.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and that requires a good old-fashioned detective.
0	and let me ask you jackie northam.
0	and he said we walked across it.
0	and i said i don't want that.
0	and that's how we looked at it.
0	sandy bend is lake erie's water keeper.
0	greg ip welcome to the podcast man.
0	here's ann-elise henzl of member station wuwm.
0	not all the plans proposed are universal.
0	anyway this one is actually pretty easy.
0	and trump has been our post-truth president.
0	he writes about authoritarian states and tyranny.
0	b.h. president between grover cleveland's two terms.
0	and it's interesting how you identify yours.
0	we're from minnesota but this applies everywhere.
0	bhavish patel is our first american indicator.
0	why have people   chosen to believe it?
0	and so that worked out all right.
0	oh my lord the wall finished now.
0	mark hugo lopez welcome to the podcast.
0	so take our listeners through the facts.
0	those spores really travel quite a distance.
0	spilker works at nasa's jet propulsion laboratory.
0	sorry to shatter your hopes and dreams.
0	it is the rule is an indirect.
0	john what is your public radio station?
0	that's what we've done in our kitchen.
0	you're not hermione granger with a time-turner.
0	car sharing she says it's just beginning.
0	yeah partwell part of most of mine.
0	thanks very   much for the phone call.
0	i think that's definitely part of it.
0	well john meet will will meet john.
0	that's a big win for the union.
0	she had a job working at levi's.
0	but they are a fairly large community.
0	to listen to this show visit npr.
0	how do you feel about food aid?
0	in some ways i think it's defensible.
0	that story was produced by youth radio.
0	and i think that's what's most important.
0	does age alone make you an elder?
0	and you know my boss is lovely.
0	but they are also jurors alongside you.
0	we're looking at whether they've had mammograms.
0	this is your last very depressing clue.
0	so china's seeking some change significant change.
0	we probably should give him a bed.
0	this is model is not unheard of.
0	and let's get tom on the line.
0	she played the piano every single day.
0	have you ever heard of the show?
0	oh it's just the way people are.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	in many cases credit just isn't there.
0	damn i just heard somebody burp out.
0	we're starting to see some recovery already.
0	droughts are very local in their impacts.
0	and what does he call his watch?
0	got it caveat noted and honestly appreciated.
0	he had to pull over and recharge.
0	you know we know about one china.
0	now we're going to do genial wednesday.
0	how is connected to meaning in life?
0	but let me suggest this to you.
0	and he urged the resumption of dialogue.
0	fill in some biographical blanks for us.
0	and we're going to hear more today.
0	we saw that in iraq for instance.
0	she's living at home with her mom.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. hathaway.
0	but we're happy to have good men.
0	reza aslan would you have any recommendations?
0	sateesh thanks very much for the call.
0	that's another reason we wrote this book.
0	and it was quite frankly a mess.
0	well because we have in the past.
0	how do you feel about biden himself?
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	the foreign nationals have no such concern.
0	i feel better than i ever have.
0	chris thanks very much for the call.
0	all right dane thank you so much.
0	or what are you expecting to hear?
0	the number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	unlike his predecessors his english is good.
0	you know that part has fascinated me.
0	you have tangled with the nra before.
0	oh i think the world of her.
0	well it really depends on your organization.
0	this is really old line military butchism.
0	explain why this area is so valued.
0	we'll call we'll do it for you.
0	i think many people might remember that.
0	is he back to his roots here?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it is spelled r-o-d-o-n-g and it's rodong.
0	she's just back from haiti in miami.
0	but there was a history of this.
0	they were the disfavored hostile class members.
0	and so you know this is snapshot.
0	they only wake up after three loses.
0	any of us can be an inventor.
0	so it's something industry can respond to.
0	you making them look good or bad?
0	and there is no hard fast rule.
0	stock markets did not take this well.
0	i think it's three different yellow trees.
0	william thank you for being with us.
0	and we ended up with 350 people.
0	may be a hard name to spell.
0	it's launched a campaign   against the siesta.
0	oh i'm very glad to be here.
0	i find that very hard to believe.
0	today is his first of four treatments.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	it doesn't collect location doesn't collect names.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and colorado they did the same thing.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	let's begin just with a little background.
0	alone he was very sensitive very sweet.
0	i'm dealing with the context of it.
0	brett how do you respond to that?
0	and they're kind of a different target.
0	well i think a couple of things.
0	it has been such a pleasure ari.
0	but these are different times right now.
0	the nfl allowed 25000 fans last night.
0	i can never say something like that.
0	what stage are you at at predicting?
0	by evening it was a spontaneous celebration.
0	we don't care who runs the computers.
0	and it's running air through this machine.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	people said wow i had no idea.
0	don't pretend that he is your ally.
0	most of the missions were arrest operations.
0	i was afraid there   might be another.
0	but he was flying back and forth.
0	they're not waiting and they're not idle.
0	i talked recently with an iraq veteran.
0	and that is where you come in.
0	and today was focused on that beginning.
0	now you can look at the military.
0	why are these conservatives coming forward now?
0	welcome back to science friday dr. randall.
0	and it's not just any mini golf.
0	she found out by opening her mailbox.
0	i'm sure you have some good ones.
0	can you tell us what you learned?
0	chief justice john roberts wrote this opinion.
0	i can't even give a precise translation.
0	it may vary by region across states.
0	that was pretty stable at the time.
0	i grew up in orange county california.
0	help your community get equal government representation.
0	well the numbers are slightly in dispute.
0	bennett passed away on july 25 2021.
0	sterling was born in september of 2020.
0	there's a terrible irrationality to the disease.
0	and that's what was shown through this.
0	it accounts for most of the universe.
0	hamtramck is formerly a working-class polish city.
0	what's her husband think about all this?
0	it was an extraordinarily difficult painful time.
0	and thanks so much to you two.
0	he studies extreme weather for a living.
0	i'm going to give her a break.
0	you don't got to talk about anything.
0	how   do you plan to get there?
0	it just kind of tears me up.
0	any reaction to that michael or lisa?
0	there's a painting by bruegel called cockaigne.
0	let's go to mark in st. paul.
0	i'm going to ask you about that.
0	is something like that an impeachable offense?
0	so finally tell us about the food.
0	so it's still a very real issue.
0	he says they can never come back.
0	did it take strength to do that?
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	congressman thanks so much for joining us.
0	so they decided to rob a ship.
0	he told her to bring her bagpipes.
0	npr's ted robbins takes it from there.
0	many doctors do not perform late abortions.
0	it's a hot issue pardon the pun.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well thanks so much for joining us.
0	but none of your listeners i'm sure.
0	and they'll likely boot them from office.
0	angela bassett so good to see you.
0	my first reaction was one of dismay.
0	restaurants get their shellfish from commercial growers.
0	i think the persistence of the suffragists.
0	so you won election in 2013 right?
0	there are 11 million jail admissions annually.
0	well scientists don't want to do that.
0	the show travels all over the country.
0	well the scopes trial is one analogy.
0	and those weapons are secrecy and power.
0	well i think that that's what happened.
0	i think there are probably two reasons.
0	cheese enthusiast and microbiologist dennis d'amico again.
0	npr's rachel martin is covering this story.
0	that's dr. john cook of boston university.
0	you're clicking on maryland where you live.
0	there's a very adversarial aspect to it.
0	and so he lays out his ask.
0	there are you know there's information now.
0	but first a progress report on iraq.
0	joining us as always is will shortz.
0	my neighbor she's like 70 years old.
0	what happened to them at that point?
0	bill's with us from san antonio texas.
0	it's like you see these pages dude?
0	geoffrey bennett is the show's web producer.
0	everybody knows it's going to be closer.
0	it's great great to have you there.
0	all right great reporting this week deb.
0	so this is how he feels now.
0	they're there but they cannot be changed.
0	so my immediate answer was no way.
0	that's democratic senator jon tester of montana.
0	they liked the whole idea of it.
0	like a black singer's supposed to sing.
0	it's time to welcome our special guest.
0	but the sound is pretty good too.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	and we want to hear your story.
0	here's congresswoman and impeachment manager madeleine dean.
0	rachel i hate to tell you this.
0	you know you have to do something.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	man how long have you been online?
0	i mean this was the supreme court.
0	and it was like oh yeah ok.
0	i didn't know what was going on.
0	jim buckmaster thanks for your time today.
0	just do me one favor will you?
0	now this bill enjoyed enormous bipartisan support.
0	and it's got machismo on its side.
0	so we're going to a tie breaker.
0	absolutely anyone can and must do drag.
0	but he just wasn't mimicking his influences.
0	i'm certainly not going to hold judgment.
0	we don't have a lot of time.
0	and i have a feeling that's happening.
0	she doesn't look like her at all.
0	i left his big sweet potato nose.
0	i've got to ask you this question.
0	that pride took a hit this january.
0	we're going to have to stop there.
0	i taught children's art for 50 years.
0	hi my question is regarding tricare coverage.
0	and he was the first republican vp.
0	and then it was time to talk.
0	closes of sunday here in new york.
0	there will be a massive massive breakdown.
0	that sounds like a very useful number.
0	not all stores got lucky with forecasts.
0	kenya airways is the pride of kenya.
0	peter simani practices aviation law in kenya.
0	my family it was a little hard.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	sasha twista like twist with an ah.
0	and the scale would also be huge.
0	they didn't want to acknowledge the problem.
0	well and i thank you for it.
0	eight days later everything started working again.
0	just eight senators voted against the repeal.
0	so what does someone like koons do?
0	and this was a really crucial time.
0	although bubble wrap of course wouldn't help.
0	help them with democratic procedures et cetera.
0	he may come right back down again.
0	i imagine it would have changed anybody.
0	i think it is important to lead.
0	i'm not asking you to name them.
0	and that's what we are here storytellers.
0	i mean it's a completely different feeling.
0	there is plenty of uranium out there.
0	we don't have a precedent for this?
0	we'll get to more of your calls.
0	he's joining us today from fresno calif.
0	oh no you're not wrong about that.
0	you have mexico in my family's case.
0	and he said no not at all.
0	now she says he's on his own.
0	going high doesn't mean don't feel upset.
0	or join the conversation at our website.
0	and alexis herman as chief of staff.
0	it doesn't have to be blown up.
0	so how did you figure it out?
0	he has been behind this sos initiative.
0	usually brahmins wear white around their shoulders.
0	the caller has an excellent point though.
0	he was living in a sunni neighborhood.
0	and why would they be faking it?
0	call and tell us your story 800-989-8255.
0	but it was a bit farther north.
0	and those we know are no fun.
0	the day jula passed her egg challenge.
0	so antony penrose the year is 1929.
0	people expect american soldiers to do that.
0	he talks about so many interesting things.
0	he should be here in new hampshire.
0	and i could i always noticed them.
0	it's probably the most persistent myth besides.
0	and ultimately that's not going to work.
0	herman cain later said that's a joke.
0	that's about it for our program today.
0	perry certainly doesn't have that this time.
0	she was working the festival that night.
0	and it's a little harder than usual.
0	defense secretary donald rumsfeld also weighed in.
0	how involved is the u.s. border patrol?
0	and people don't want to be tested.
0	i always talk about follow the money.
0	he's the research manager for speedo's aqualab.
0	so i had to sew her costume.
0	this concept is called negative emissions right?
0	gary still stuck in california what's up?
0	and it's always going to require energy.
0	for her this latest bust feels different.
0	she was shot and killed by police.
0	any kind of skiing is before synchronized.
0	and how do you do that exactly?
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	he has said we cannot attack iran.
0	can i look at it over time?
0	he says they've been married ever since.
0	you're listening to science friday on npr.
0	physics it's always just a few years.
0	so that's where he's going to focus.
0	and i guess the answer was no.
0	isis had no details about the operation.
0	this is frustrating for the medical community.
0	i gather you know amy coney barrett.
0	the farallones are now used by scientists.
0	kwarteng worshipped margaret thatcher as a boy.
0	some of them are in individual countries.
0	let's look at who we want here.
0	now it's down to this last one.
0	it's very devastating for me to see.
0	i went to some banks earlier today.
0	so you're talking about a prisoner exchange.
0	now he's throwing his weight behind romney.
0	it's not just a movie for them.
0	free speech is still severely curtailed   there.
0	in both cases women boldly spoke out.
0	generation z is the generation after millennials.
0	but other people will make it happen.
0	but hey you get used to it.
0	robert paskoff is president of brand keys.
0	so this is a vote of conscience.
0	and we have prototypes of this today.
0	but don't worry it's the fun kind.
0	amanda what did you decide to do?
0	mary thanks very much for the call.
0	and my kids aren't getting any younger.
0	and so far today it has been.
0	a lot of iraqi soldiers were killed.
0	so they might back up from the.
0	i mean it's on so many fronts.
0	local bartender chris toupin is not impressed.
0	so is the rest of my generation.
0	john dickerson chief political correspondent for slate.
0	there's a lot of human rights violations.
0	those deductions have a lot of defenders.
0	his leg will bounce we're told fast.
0	let's go next to this is ken.
0	since 2020 idaho's legislature passed three laws.
0	and this is what we call west-toxication.
0	a sign says a memorial is coming.
0	why don't you guys jump in there?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	here's another email this is from denise.
0	ultimately the writers got everything they wanted.
0	it helps women who are threatened online.
0	but a significant minority see it differently.
0	i don't know nothing about no signs.
0	jump in there and help them out.
0	i mean what would happen to them?
0	that's something i don't tell anyone because.
0	it's just like oh she's just amazing.
0	i mean getting checks of 100,000 dollars.
0	this is the indicator from planet money.
0	you know you hear stories of survivors.
0	it's a matter of supply and demand.
0	nice to be on today here neal.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	because you know there was no stopping.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	have you ever seen numbers on television?
0	but that may no longer be true.
0	and i understand their situation is dire.
0	but he knows how lucky they are.
0	and that's how i see the president.
0	there were nine others on the ballot.
0	let's talk about these cash register receipts.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it's laden with all kinds of emotion.
0	i think i heard about saginaw valley.
0	yes i did contract hiv through sex.
0	micah don't make me come back there.
0	she was so much fun to watch.
0	and i would do eight two-part anyway.
0	and i think somehow they missed that.
0	from member station wbez shannon heffernan reports.
0	high fives all around in scientific communities.
0	this is special coverage from npr news.
0	this has a lot of cascading impacts.
0	this is colorado's attorney general john suthers.
0	though company-wide the number hovers around 50,000.
0	he made he made it a profession.
0	we're not a fan of the provision.
0	stacey abrams has run for governor before.
0	lizzie   o'leary npr news lake charles louisiana.
0	so this is a long time coming.
0	the u.s. government acknowledges engaging in rendition.
0	irina bokova is director general of unesco.
0	so it's very hard to verify this.
0	i'm not here to make pretty pictures.
0	what's likely to come of those conversations?
0	what caused the difference do you think?
0	we got it through some special circumstances.
0	and again we're encouraging listeners to call.
0	and basically we were getting walled off.
0	so i come into classroom on fire.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	this email is from mae in reno.
0	and he didn't get an answer either.
0	do the police often ask for money?
0	amy dickinson joins us today from chicago.
0	i was just generally totally chronically fatigued.
0	take ron paul father of u.s. sen.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	i don't want it to drop there.
0	but since then the conversation has changed.
0	so we're doing the best we can.
0	can you retrain them to come back?
0	and even they're even terrible at multitasking.
0	thanks so much for your call kendra.
0	lynsi had denied all that in public.
0	and anyway let's introduce our two guests.
0	so will what is next week's challenge?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i think that i'm running towards something.
0	she's also kind of a class clown.
0	and i've decided to immigrate to israel.
0	will what's the challenge for next week?
0	and he called this woman miss piggy.
0	and i'll just play that short clip.
0	sometimes they do and sometimes they don't.
0	he found a way to berate them.
0	you know how do we get that?
0	last week for the answer: brooklyn trolley.
0	they're not even talking about staying here.
0	this is the peak of our lives.
0	and the reason for this is simple.
0	she happened to have a good education.
0	that's the full distinction to begin with.
0	well what school did he go to?
0	here's npr's defense correspondent mary louise kelly.
0	hi philip thanks for taking my call.
0	comedy writer and professional paranoid peter mehlman.
0	and we're taking your calls at 800-989-8255.
0	today the wars in iraq and afghanistan.
0	that was mike reinholdt of davenport iowa.
0	it'll be better than tents he says.
0	margaret thanks very much for the call.
0	make that change and you get taliban.
0	police shot and killed her in march.
0	where did they say where are these.
0	she's 24 born and raised in gaza.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	how does that moment compare to now?
0	the trouble with poetry: and   other poems.
0	the public is largely in the dark.
0	i love it ed. i love it.
0	and another factor is probably the economy.
0	george calling from mount hood in oregon.
0	you know the politicians know they're not.
0	now ron that's a lot to say.
0	she's decided to pack up and leave.
0	police shot up the apartment killing breonna.
0	six years went by without a problem.
0	john burnett npr news santa fe texas.
0	there's very little dialogue in the film.
0	lorillard makes blue the market-leading electronic cigarette.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	one sailor was hit and later died.
0	but my insurance will not cover these.
0	yeah it's apt and also very scary.
0	so kids found out they were sick.
0	and i was like you know what?
0	and so there's a big atmospheric difference.
0	president obama praised its passage last night.
0	so i'm very worried about the arts.
0	but sy says it's a complex mix.
0	that's former israeli prime minister ehud olmert.
0	so now look at the cursive writing.
0	i'll say less awful than the alternatives.
0	curtis tongue is one of ohmconnect's co-founders.
0	speedo calls it the fastskin3 racing system.
0	alex i'm judy johns with keller williams.
0	people are always interested in especially america.
0	but it also can be programmatic differences.
0	you ever use instragram on the iphone?
0	we're back on the radio next weekend.
0	donald trump is still attacking people online.
0	mr. yoo let me begin with you.
0	and i've led a pretty peripatetic life.
0	every college we visited has had cases.
0	it's also spreading to places like pinedale.
0	they weren't sure what he would mean.
0	thanks very much for the suggestion gwyneth.
0	you get a whole long list right?
0	he had no interest in going back.
0	second life has a very different model.
0	which a very perfectly respectable bond film.
0	entitlement reform ryan wants to privatize medicare.
0	the issue is one of false positives.
0	why is it seen as not working?
0	it costs the taxpayer too much dollars.
0	it was a jean jacket you know.
0	well i think it's really very simple.
0	there was this farmers to families program.
0	there's the fear you might be rejected.
0	well i think it's a fair question.
0	water is a big deal in pennsylvania.
0	and almost 1,500 listeners figured that out.
0	it's got great trout streams beautiful rivers.
0	thank you for being with us today.
0	this is from lindsey in columbus ohio.
0	probably a million procedures in a year.
0	you've looked at data for a year.
0	and there's help for people out there.
0	boy this has been a rough year.
0	so you're collecting them on your site?
0	there are said to be dozens dead.
0	one is the use of mass media.
0	and you moved straight to the economy.
0	you'll find all of that at npr.
0	and first tell us why new orleans.
0	what does that mean routed transactions though?
0	every company does some variation of this.
0	you can't find them but they're there.
0	two ounces does seem like not much.
0	because i imagine you were always funny.
0	what psychological factors go into that decision?
0	but every winter he manages their slaughter.
0	yeah it was in greensboro north carolina.
0	one of the leaders is fadi quran.
0	just wait until the car is moving.
0	so i was very much an outsider.
0	oh he's the whole damn meal honey.
0	at a minimum this incident was complicated.
0	police have already begun tasering unruly kids.
0	you can also go to our website.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	afterward the two got a fried-chicken lunch.
0	i couldn't beat everybody with my hands.
0	he spent 40 years in the marines.
0	is this a critical issue for you?
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	ian welcome to talk of the nation.
0	it wasn't the convention that did it.
0	obama put some proposals on the table.
0	so no one is immune from that.
0	her father's already tried to kill himself.
0	this has become sometimes a political issue.
0	and that accountability and trust starts eroding.
0	you got to let them do it.
0	you both grew up in decatur georgia.
0	we're going to figure it out together.
0	just happened at mine 12 hours ago.
0	i just i have i'm an egyptian.
0	thanks very much for the call matt.
0	i talked to a researcher about this.
0	your job is to take them out.
0	so i'm going to go with nixon-agnew.
0	and now it's time for the barbershop.
0	you want to have a long career.
0	but it would be a huge area.
0	this company should never do our town.
0	it was a very very unhappy childhood.
0	we are there when people walk in.
0	roseland says deyontaye is a rough neighborhood.
0	we've been hit just like everybody else.
0	and was this the decision you expected?
0	will a different iranian foreign policy emerge?
0	still she says the journey was dangerous.
0	and is it a universal story yes.
0	and npr's julie mccarthy filed this report.
0	the party doesn't really have anyone else.
0	jennifer thanks very much for the call.
0	it doesn't seem to meet the definition.
0	this personal story illustrates a widespread problem.
0	dr. pace thank you for joining us.
0	in fact much has changed in chile.
0	they're not pulling any strings in damascus.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	and there was some backlash about that.
0	in other words it was payback time.
0	because of the strings attached to it.
0	a community bank by necessity is smaller.
0	they all handle it a little different.
0	like science must have a hard number.
0	that almost brought tears to my eyes.
0	it just brings back so many memories.
0	well there are several aspects of this.
0	we're walking with the rest of the.
0	now netanyahu gave a very late-night speech.
0	she died at 80 on october 2nd.
0	pampy's was severely damaged during the storm.
0	let's hear what he has to say.
0	it's okay to experience sorrow and loss.
0	that's going to be coming pretty quickly.
0	what kind of programming did he do?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and fiat chrysler was saved from insolvency.
0	korea even doesn't have a space agency.
0	you feel her in all her roles.
0	the short answer is we don't know.
0	she's sixteen now and is doing fabulous.
0	and my wife said: come on larry.
0	do i want to fight that fight?
0	you guys do such a great job.
0	some of that continued on sunday night.
0	my studio is about to burn down.
0	welcome to talk of the nation dan.
0	i love the stuff that you loved.
0	so the rollercoaster just keeps on going.
0	you would hear that all the time.
0	you know he was drinking very heavily.
0	she needs a lot of emotional support.
0	or there is judgment in the community.
0	he'd rather be in a backroom somewhere.
0	i wanted to ask you about that.
0	the deadline was like one week away.
0	and you know this is not new.
0	i listen to kqed in san francisco.
0	she looks at me like i'm nuts.
0	since you were 7 years old sarah?
0	how has gang violence affected el salvador?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	to listen to the show   visit npr.
0	he was born in new york city.
0	it's about a six-hour drive one way.
0	yeah but it made it more dangerous.
0	and she died saying i love you.
0	school had been out for an hour.
0	but we can't afford to accept that.
0	the plane had a fatal design flaw.
0	alfredo went on to get a ph.
0	that's when it became real to me.
0	i'd like to just make a comment.
0	in fact there are independent review boards.
0	as an adult she finds scents inescapable.
0	i talked to dave swenson about this.
0	first of all i love to drive.
0	but they're all rather obscure aren't they?
0	is this going to help the president?
0	there was nowhere else they could go.
0	what was so bad about that idea?
0	it's also self-discipline self-organization it's extremely peaceful.
0	they want to live as in europe.
0	so what exactly do these images show?
0	everybody on the team signed for meemaw.
0	and in some cases for good reason.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	the other two reactors also melted down.
0	franco what can't you let go of?
0	you say medicine food and nutritional items.
0	oh it's been over a year now.
0	and thanks for the phone call jennifer.
0	so thanks for sharing that with me.
0	well david let me turn to you.
0	that thing over there don't don't teach.
0	but this summer things shifted she says.
0	this is now the summer of 2011.
0	and that's what i'm afraid we're seeing.
0	but it also provoked a fierce backlash.
0	first betting that you can lose weight.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so that's how i'm thinking about networking.
0	it didn't happen as it turns out.
0	for starters it has to be watertight.
0	she hadn't seen him in four years.
0	and before that a serious figure skater.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's the story i came to do.
0	i just saw that there was nothing.
0	they don't just say here's the facts.
0	none of that requires a constitutional fix.
0	ari shapiro npr news the white house.
0	he smiled at everyone and loved everyone.
0	but i once stumbled on these feelings.
0	my passion was to be in aerospace.
0	you used to hear it a lot.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	do people in iraq talk about benchmarks?
0	he won the mvp award in 2003.
0	that's npr's mike pesca from new york.
0	but the fighting would essentially remain localized.
0	the israelis would retaliate with random shelling.
0	they would recite a poem or two.
0	here in the town of arnold mo.
0	poetry is revered in the arab world.
0	but a couple of things in particular.
0	and i can imagine the scene right?
0	the noose is slipped over his head.
0	nkunda is fighting for only one reason.
0	i think they are in the economy.
0	standing ovation in the arena lasted forever.
0	really as long as i can remember.
0	her technique was not good at all.
0	after all tuition is $35,000 per year.
0	have you got a question for us?
0	i didn't want to hide behind them.
0	i've voted for republicans in the past.
0	and how much land do you need?
0	is consciousness a synonym for the mind?
0	tell them how they can get involved.
0	so we have a very tight-knit community.
0	he has assimilated into the authoritarian environment.
0	for me it's not cussing and fussing.
0	guandolo the trainer had a different view.
0	in terms of the union versus non-union.
0	we are continuing to work on it.
0	the teacher became a full time student.
0	it just seems to happen for free.
0	what are they going to do next?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	so that is if you're extremely motivated.
0	they'll take questions from voters in nashville.
0	and that's just here in southern california.
0	i mean this is a big cemetery.
0	so and then there's graffiti all around.
0	mr. shorter it's been such a pleasure.
0	with the flower in your hair yeah.
0	they stop american citizens all the time.
0	we're joined now by congressman joel hefley.
0	he certainly is committed to his charities.
0	i think i'll keep mine to myself.
0	i mean you name it they're here.
0	so that is something that is considered.
0	that's not what this country is about.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	go ahead please you're on the air.
0	they only saw it in one patient.
0	and last night she said she wasn't.
0	cardin didn't appear blaming a scheduling conflict.
0	this is jennifer jennifer from duluth minnesota.
0	it's a study funded by the navy.
0	he's also an analyst for abc news.
0	so not necessarily from the white house.
0	thanks very much for the call alex.
0	we've had a loss of an yeah.
0	what don't we understand about your job?
0	it normally was an idiom or something.
0	and he still acts a great deal.
0	is this going to cut much ice?
0	we shouldn't let that color our politics.
0	so we were working the red carpet.
0	would you tell him yes or no?
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	so let me give you one example.
0	click on the talk of the nation.
0	so just a wide open casting call.
0	whatever you want it's ok with me.
0	we had it on our web site.
0	she said now this is the thing.
0	in our case the answer is yes.
0	they can only be made by experts.
0	i would put it a different way.
0	and 78 percent were   receiving food stamps.
0	we already have a huge unpaid bill.
0	that's npr's national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	it was not damaged by the storm.
0	yes the former governor who signed it.
0	tomorrow talk of the nation: science friday.
0	is it are they realistic at all?
0	french news is reporting there's a hostage.
0	and that's what is the real challenge.
0	tom's on the line from san jose.
0	i don't think it's going to work.
0	so essentially they work just like trees.
0	what's involved in testing a rape kit?
0	so much of life in its meshes.
0	well donna britt thanks for coming by.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	so it's on the practice of listening.
0	i mean that creates an interesting moment.
0	we've just been around a long time.
0	none of the bedouin prisoners were released.
0	he's just so modern is the thing.
0	npr's defense correspondent mary louise kelly reports.
0	the reality he says is more complicated.
0	hi welcome or hello from portland oregon.
0	the woman crooned and giggled with delight.
0	gas companies agree gas use will decline.
0	was he under the influence of betters?
0	and that's just a somber symbolic scene.
0	they don't feel hungry in between meals.
0	title car in a bruce springsteen song.
0	oh it was what you would expect.
0	we should talk more to terrestrial scientists?
0	and he never reported a false discovery.
0	no. there's a long list of these.
0	police say the likely motive is revenge.
0	some of them blocked off the traffic.
0	protesters didn't have a license to march.
0	most people meet around the coffee shop.
0	and when you put them together magic.
0	but we are a democratically governed church.
0	there's something weird going on with memory.
0	yeah it was a very weak response.
0	and she was really unlike any other.
0	we called itit's used as a noun.
0	they consider her nba negro by association.
0	is that what these measures would do?
0	and i think we're aware of that.
0	how old were you when you came?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	hard outer part of the baked dessert.
0	and then i stopped smoking as well.
0	i'm giving you a musical clue stephen.
0	we don't know the cause of that.
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	she's a national correspondent for newsweek magazine.
0	i just heard the recommendation of glue.
0	you know this government has changed dramatically.
0	i knewit was like there he is.
0	how's your party doing now in 2011?
0	he transitioned to competitive running at 30.
0	the first primary is just days away.
0	the rabbits are the same way too.
0	i'm sorry i have to leave it.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i'm walking on dry grass right now.
0	experiments there are actually probing this idea.
0	there's no mood for that in florida.
0	i think it has to be state-by-state.
0	i was praying to find a place.
0	justin with us from salt lake city.
0	they still have them to this day.
0	every phil spector session was a party.
0	they have earthquakes there all the time.
0	welcome to the world of ball culture.
0	he gave a new york times interview.
0	and it was a magical performance actually.
0	but no actually alastair sim is classic.
0	patrick with us from kingstown new york.
0	northrop's one of those powerful behind-the-scenes guys.
0	and caulkins says fedex lacks investigative authority.
0	twist the spaghetti and it bends less.
0	through wall street wall street and broadway.
0	i did stop you for a moment.
0	i'm just without a bank right now.
0	one do you feel prepared to vote?
0	we haven't gotten to south carolina yet.
0	but it can pull you in right?
0	the third graders get some swim lessons.
0	it's always been required by the constitution.
0	she's just not running an inspired campaign.
0	my wife has no interest in it.
0	for npr   news this is andrea shea.
0	you know where are my kids going?
0	it's taller than any penguin around today.
0	there's a lot   to watch over here.
0	art chung how did our contestants do?
0	it seems like extortion to me anyway.
0	marty meehan has the most money there.
0	it's this quite an unusual life story.
0	yes a journey through space and time.
0	it's not an easy question to answer.
0	i mean he's been had threats before.
0	they are less prone to be pressured.
0	he also writes the award-winning blog eduwonk.
0	well with kipp we are very grassroots.
0	they always like it when that happens.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	evan betzer worked in enron's broadband division.
0	and we really don't know the answer.
0	it was a robbery in billings mont.
0	no i never shout kill the ump.
0	we're not quite sure at the moment.
0	a few moments ago it was boos.
0	we had took the test and everything.
0	suddenly the weird sisters from macbeth appear.
0	we're going to have more liquid water.
0	because evolutionary biologists are   thinking about this.
0	i had to sell everything you know.
0	i am learning so much right now.
0	today a democrat iowa governor tom vilsack.
0	jean eude tisson is president of cler.
0	how you go to the next step?
0	i haven't seen other brackets line up.
0	it's another thing to act on them.
0	i mean all of it was nuts.
0	the number was 10 hours 39 minutes.
0	well actually it's a pretty straightforward disagreement.
0	sachin tendulkar begins his final match tomorrow.
0	it's fluid it moves around a lot.
0	mars can foil the best laid plans.
0	it comes from a company called dpa.
0	recently ina checked-in with the greens again.
0	there were origins all over the place.
0	you can read about trouble every day.
0	jeb bush in florida and sarah palin.
0	and if so what's his ultimate aim?
0	there's something awfully wrong with that picture.
0	and they were just so far behind.
0	women's tournament is always a good choice.
0	hang up and give you an answer.
0	i would never let him do that.
0	robbins across court flynn touch pass inside.
0	then from that i got many shows.
0	but alone it's not enough says zandi.
0	and i would write all these songs.
0	what does change is the art market.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	we're talking about the trans-atlantic slave trade.
0	there is great comfort in the familiar.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	there's no lawyers there representing rod blagojevich.
0	but this year it was never finished.
0	we don't have a civic education campaign.
0	i'm not sure how they're defining that.
0	so it's sort of a trade-off there.
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	the gene pool deepens a little bit.
0	what kinds of stuff are they after?
0	that is no where in the constitution.
0	allhu akbar isn't appropriate for all occasions.
0	but it's actually a civil war shield.
0	i'm just curious about papa john's specifically.
0	but i do like making elaborate recipes.
0	let me ask you also another point.
0	massimo was there for the whole meal.
0	and then we've also been building out.
0	talk he may try to run again.
0	but let's look at what mandiant did.
0	others were in their cars they said.
0	and joining us now is phil flynn.
0	i thank you for giving me closure.
0	it's called this that or the other.
0	allen loves debating and wrestling with ideas.
0	and chris nice to talk to you.
0	do you think those conditions still exist?
0	i didn't know what was inspiring him.
0	you know he was a little vain.
0	and we're back to another tiebreaker round.
0	and then the settlements started to rise.
0	of course you're welcome to join us.
0	and phil burroughs at verizon confirms that.
0	i auditioned but they didn't accept me.
0	jenna thanks very much for the call.
0	well it's been a great pleasure renee.
0	but that's difficult for farmers to accept.
0	but there's not much jobs in haiti.
0	eric what's been happening where you are?
0	isn't this ageist what you're doing here?
0	but that's exactly how they like it.
0	why don't we talk to david richardson?
0	so i went to a record store.
0	well oswego is a very interesting area.
0	one two three i'm going to inflate.
0	but this really tops everything by far.
0	they'll be looking for jobs as lobbyists.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	and the proof is in the pudding.
0	they are six brothers asian small-clawed otters.
0	so that was pretty the regular thing.
0	at one point they used tear gas.
0	i was watching cnn that whole time.
0	hal is a great friend of mine.
0	they met through a friend helen mccullough.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	macworld is mecca for apple computer fans.
0	hello thank you for having me on.
0	it's where billy dalton lives and works.
0	i thought i was following my president.
0	is anything going to be changing dramatically?
0	eric it's really good to join you.
0	yet there is this sort of subtext.
0	you know where are we headed together?
0	he used to work here years ago.
0	there are so many signs of strength.
0	well there's really two things happening here.
0	it hasn't been this low since 1989.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	you say this is a pr offensive.
0	leeann tweeden read a good apology aloud.
0	i think ultimately that's what saved us.
0	i would say no. 1 financial issues.
0	here's npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg.
0	and we'll be back in a second.
0	but you know there's a community there.
0	and finally i said you know what?
0	also with us is seyed hossein mousavian.
0	spanking fell among all kinds of parents.
0	stay with us we'll be right back.
0	now switching over to congress this week.
0	here's npr legal affairs correspondent nina   totenberg.
0	so many coal-fired plants have shut down.
0	the march was titled justice for all.
0	well you couldn't listen to them before?
0	how are these issues resonating with voters?
0	and if that makes sense that's fine.
0	it can be a mental health provider.
0	i think that was part of it.
0	every artist writes from their known experience.
0	the negotiations have not been particularly intense.
0	and that's how it was actually funny.
0	boudreau met me outside of a chipotle.
0	chuck i want to start with you.
0	and it was from a german woman.
0	and here's what makes this news distinct.
0	live free and pee before we go.
0	sirley you're on talk of the nation.
0	so it's kind of a perfect storm.
0	it set a record for online downloads.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	i mean and we played golf together.
0	we have plays like yours other plays.
0	there's all kinds of reasons for it.
0	we're not just talking about rural america.
0	what more do we know about them?
0	and it really broke down to that.
0	they call it the secret of life.
0	another labor strike is looming in hollywood.
0	well congressman your party controls the senate.
0	but this is a voluntary reporting system.
0	the sort of winter resurgence is beginning.
0	well he's speaking at our military dinner.
0	but i've been wrong before about numbers.
0	by 2000 it had fallen 50 percent.
0	so it's an important continent all around.
0	dominance in sports is a funny thing.
0	and so that is important to understand.
0	they're allowing baked goods and bottled drinks.
0	i think i can live with that.
0	the picture for 2023 has darkened considerably.
0	press secretary scott mcclellan denied the   charges.
0	and what about the rewriting of movies?
0	but the social impulse is still there.
0	one don't force kids to eat anything.
0	mara thanks so much for joining us.
0	but i could not find any documentation.
0	did this bankrupt you literally the prosecution?
0	that's right in the washington d.c. case.
0	and this is what's really interesting now.
0	countries like india indonesia nigeria afghanistan pakistan.
0	the patient is a pretty terrifying thriller.
0	letters editor steve proffitt thank you again.
0	nungesser says he was married once before.
0	i see the passion in your eyes.
0	and it's that very lack of introspection.
0	here's what the doctor dr. pope said.
0	so let's say i'm doing sorority rush.
0	well we are a community church ok?
0	i understand there's a story behind that?
0	hey the story's already 2,000 years old.
0	we're looking for opportunities to do more.
0	the stop yeah that's the famous one.
0	everybody has an iphone or a phone.
0	so i know exactly how you feel.
0	what i'm proposing is that we try.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	hint this was a fairly recent concert.
0	for npr news this is andrea shea.
0	well we're trying every way we can.
0	they can make it from palm oil.
0	i just play mandolin and guitar and.
0	so talk about dreams as wish fulfillment.
0	and it was so strange and bizarre.
0	but they're all stars in some way.
0	we want have one country two systems.
0	and i think that's even a violation.
0	and where what is it grown into?
0	and you have another one with you?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	yes we have to live among landslides.
0	all the other nations are modern creations.
0	i'll shake your hand for her ok?
0	you want to take that one josh?
0	president bush is trying to address that.
0	he'd been reimbursing employees for making them.
0	and it's actually quite a large one.
0	and most importantly a publicly financed system.
0	lum says that's because of anti-asian sentiment.
0	is it tied to the company's   productivity?
0	since 1980 these jobs have been disappearing.
0	one of his students does the transplants.
0	well oldsmobile has a little bit different.
0	there is something big and important happening.
0	so mis-c can cause shock in kids.
0	david bailey's been crabbing for 40 years.
0	he played football basketball and ran track.
0	kross says those are all useful responses.
0	his wife waited in the parking lot.
0	but does that situation arise a lot?
0	the whole audience is staring at you.
0	it's hard to get your head around.
0	no. they also are having some difficulties.
0	tiffany how much oxygen are you on?
0	so we're going to read this together.
0	search and rescue efforts are nearly complete.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	ronald what were you going to say?
0	the rest likely returned to heroin use.
0	first to iraq where the war continues.
0	or is it going to be blocked?
0	it's a thriving community that was hard-hit.
0	and thanks to couples therapist nick bogner.
0	it's the way the world is now.
0	jones' prius has no siren or radio.
0	i think it's a war of legitimacy.
0	we have them on the line now.
0	so that's a question they can't answer.
0	charlotte thanks very much for the call.
0	for some that makes astronomy pretty irresistible.
0	the show does not accurately depict situations.
0	like this is what we're good at.
0	david petraeus commanding american general in iraq.
0	ireland wants to stay in the eu.
0	and that's kind of what you expect.
0	he joins us by phone from paris.
0	how are you going to out-do target?
0	twenty-two percent say that it encourages violence.
0	he was captured along with other westerners.
0	it begins airing next week on hbo.
0	i want to find one fellow liberal.
0	sara rhoades is also a business owner.
0	time doesn't have that much meaning anymore.
0	goldman sachs helped him to do that.
0	he joins us now from capitol hill.
0	and yeah that's slowly been taken away.
0	the next patient is several floors up.
0	i'd call it more exploratory than definitive.
0	maybe also some auto industry stimulus here.
0	what else did you hear from people?
0	i'm working on two papers right now.
0	we call the feature word of mouth.
0	in some cases that's absolutely the case.
0	well it has a number of concerns.
0	and where does that case stand now?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they've been able to turn the tables.
0	i don't know what else to say.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	oh good to see you too ed.
0	i like al but not that way.
0	we apologize for the poor audio quality.
0	like there's no average family structure anymore.
0	china is now the third largest economy.
0	and our deadline is thursday 3 p.m.
0	i was able to write the story.
0	he's with the woodrow wilson center there.
0	she keeps them in a three-ring binder.
0	and these people need a social net.
0	i still think it's a long shot.
0	when did this lion kill this elephant?
0	and what did they come up with?
0	what are you going to be doing?
0	everyone has to die sometime he says.
0	i would have supported the kerry-feingold resolution.
0	he couldn't even tell me his name.
0	she's the president of nonprofit historic nashville.
0	hot air hot rod and hot tub.
0	today in your health treating your head.
0	gentile would have been 90 in november.
0	the next month her university shut down.
0	i did and he was very excited.
0	his 29 recorded songs were quickly forgotten.
0	what about the photograph of ralph ellison?
0	that was house majority whip james clyburn.
0	you both have a hand in this.
0	and i said ok well that's ok.
0	look at the hummingbird there the ruby-throat.
0	china will host the olympics in 2008.
0	and the packers have the better record.
0	others claim the fish is good smoked.
0	laylaz told us he has a goal.
0	she started exercising and changed her diet.
0	david nice to talk to you again.
0	he's already bought a house in washington.
0	we're meeting men on all different levels.
0	and sometimes it really breaks us down.
0	that is what is going to happen.
0	that sounds like it would make sense.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	the housing prices could be very attractive.
0	well the truth is that they did.
0	i think this is basically the end.
0	does this feel like a poker game?
0	npr's peter kenyon has more from moscow.
0	which means sandy's plan would exclude them.
0	would rove all over the plains good.
0	let's go to laurie in gladstone michigan.
0	it's takeaway no 1. know your needs.
0	a discussion of the future of radio.
0	this is a turning point in europe.
0	i can't believe it's been 20 years.
0	my grandfather his name is makoto miyamoto.
0	and then there's unemployment and slow growth.
0	we've raised our children in this town.
0	police seem to take light-up-and-let-live attitude here.
0	nearly everybody is rather amateur they're inexperienced.
0	ok so what about fun and games?
0	thanks for coming back to our show.
0	casey thanks very much for the call.
0	this is from sue in nome alaska.
0	and the closer it is the less.
0	she walks volunteers through the consent process.
0	what we do is we track attackers.
0	he says officials are simply gathering information.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	milton viorst welcome to day to day.
0	thanks very much for the call dave.
0	michelle blackwell isn't your typical washington politico.
0	and that area was desecrated as well.
0	do they want to build a nation?
0	he says both cases belie deeper issues.
0	they're representing you know these two leaders.
0	but christmas day is allowed to continue.
0	here's what we know so far audie.
0	and he's with us from lexington ky.
0	here's students jasmin acosta and litzy encarnacion.
0	this is all going to be ok.
0	and again the critical word is incremental.
0	that's why it's only sort of dusty.
0	they're out of the water a ways.
0	well i want to go to eisa.
0	claude deeter died in the marion hospital.
0	and i said oh grindell you're kidding.
0	unfortunately we weren't treated very kindly so.
0	and the new album was somewhat complicated.
0	we had little shotgun houses for years.
0	just take one illustration the middle east.
0	to free india from british rule yeah.
0	but that might be an outdated theory.
0	i'm going to shoot up all them.
0	i don't think reality is any different.
0	isn't it nice of us to share?
0	jared kushner is having a bad week.
0	they were there when i needed them.
0	yeah i think that's certainly the case.
0	so on one hand manufacturing is accelerating.
0	excuse me it's a minor civil case.
0	these are quick check-ins on the floor.
0	for a long time she seemed inevitable.
0	what does china get out of this?
0	and how is your husband george doing?
0	it's like what's wrong with your husband?
0	so they're primarily around the workplace laws.
0	they never completely rejected the political process.
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	don't play no tricks on anybody else.
0	so where does the investigation stand now?
0	all right well guys thanks so much.
0	he said it might be a factor.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	you know she writes her own songs.
0	i have never taken steroids or hgh.
0	i mean this is really quite extraordinary.
0	at 58 she's working on a ph.
0	this sounds like just like a dream.
0	it's the old 'hood the old ship.
0	i've never even heard of petty treason.
0	sniper fire armed individuals on the street.
0	well firstly there are no national standards.
0	spouses and children would still get priority.
0	two-thirds of the staff was laid off.
0	i learned a lot from dr. gregory.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	they're not true but they do exist.
0	convection ovens ice machines ice cream machines.
0	and she asked shanahan if he agreed.
0	well that has not been conclusively documented.
0	i mean this was an open forum.
0	oh i'm sorry i'm misreading things today.
0	i'm sorry what makes it so special?
0	it's near the city of cabo rojo.
0	jessica with us from bedford in virginia.
0	their water well had a different reaction.
0	it got to 25 below zero only.
0	chang tang means northern plain in tibetan.
0	philip gordon thanks for your time today.
0	but do you build slightly increased levees?
0	a lot of educated people are leaving.
0	it makes consumers worry about their future.
0	that is northwestern law professor michael kang.
0	but it hasn't fundamentally changed the race.
0	that's marek twarog editor-in-chief of dziennik zachodni.
0	and right now is too much crazy.
0	a well-known state lawmaker won debbie lesko.
0	and professor lieberthal welcome to the program.
0	and that number is 1-877-424-382 excuse me.
0	you know i've been caustic about trump.
0	i got there and she said 17?
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	and that can spiral downwards pretty quickly.
0	i go back out in the yard.
0	well he's resetting the whole world order.
0	try humming singing or fluttering your lips.
0	and does it hurt our national security?
0	may i ask what race you are?
0	and there's so that's one major problem.
0	his word america's word must have meaning.
0	you described that moment as rock bottom.
0	and this is the definition of whistle-blowing.
0	i drove 400 miles to be here.
0	this is the turning point for me.
0	yeah that's something to celebrate for sure.
0	and anything less would be a sellout?
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	no underwear but i got that look.
0	that's jon cowan of the third way.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it'll be very difficult to move   around.
0	theresa may stepped up as prime minister.
0	i'm bringing back an old friend now.
0	steve welcome to talk of the nation.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. safina.
0	nancy hogshead-makar joins us in a moment.
0	maurice chammah joins us now from austin.
0	it's a fiber war so to speak.
0	yeah they can call the top number.
0	i mean you were already pretty well-known.
0	does having children really make one happier?
0	and if you do then something's wrong.
0	that person is entitled to additional benefits.
0	and i've gone about half a mile.
0	in general that's probably not totally accurate.
0	we do it out of our pocket.
0	there are practically no sunni insurgents there.
0	how have you changed your business model?
0	and many missed out on that funding.
0	mike let's start with the main event.
0	the williams sisters also won doubles gold.
0	a lot of economists say it's not.
0	the rest as they say is history.
0	he went to enlist some other unions.
0	and he was offered one last mission.
0	it's just about kind of risk characteristics.
0	we got something really special this week.
0	ron christie do you want to start?
0	but many providence teachers have deep misgivings.
0	regret commonly comes up in this phase.
0	and where it's at i don't know.
0	auto industry executives are a favorite target.
0	rick thanks very much for the call.
0	what does this bring up for you?
0	what matters is the culture in policing.
0	it is not better for every individual.
0	mike says he'll begin filing updates tomorrow.
0	what other moves are you looking for?
0	jimmy page went to sutton art college.
0	and now momentarily means in a moment.
0	i mean you see that right away.
0	they never used diplomacy to establish peace.
0	you're still excited by this aren't you?
0	lexx do you hear much of this?
0	the president called this an unusual case.
0	dr. samuels let me begin with you.
0	but that's not the whole story here.
0	click on the submit your answer link.
0	the footbridge was ropey as anything decrepit.
0	it wasn't just one class of worker.
0	so we are really following their struggle.
0	but in a way i didn't mind.
0	you know melissa i've read the study.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	i've got a pizza in the oven.
0	well i do believe what dan said.
0	don't wait for us to call you.
0	fantastic palace a couple of miles upstream.
0	you're like five blocks away or something?
0	the first number she dials doesn't work.
0	he was rather ashamed of that activity.
0	so he's doing pretty well with that.
0	there are these things that connect people.
0	and the concept is taking turns right?
0	but i think i got better actually.
0	south carolina public radio's victoria hansen reports.
0	we are extremely similar to the city.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	that's much more of the tax evasion.
0	that's not quite the end of it.
0	i'm a big fan always have been.
0	but there isn't really a centralized database.
0	she's a columnist for the washington post.
0	what are the long-term implications of herpes?
0	he died this weekend at age 89.
0	thanks so much for joining us scott.
0	so what has the official response been?
0	thank you ed. i appreciate being here.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they stormed the stage afterwards you know.
0	i look forward to doing that again.
0	of course his name was anatoly chernyaev.
0	hed had a different plan for it.
0	kids are using that like for recreation.
0	no. didn't win one for that either.
0	senate   minority leader harry reid of nevada.
0	rob thanks so much for joining us.
0	please please just pay attention to math.
0	and my daughter became this voracious reader.
0	let me give you a   couple examples.
0	miranda louis works for a local hospital.
0	well is that what the military says?
0	people are out doing their business shopping.
0	you know why should i go out?
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	i look forward to that every month.
0	jennifer mentioned what's going   on in europe.
0	and so you know he went back.
0	she also hosts the npr politics podcast.
0	leslie thanks so much for the call.
0	it's a metaphor for 2020 he says.
0	but that's not what happened at all.
0	let's get another caller on the conversation.
0	and this remains something of a mystery.
0	ready to drift up to the clouds?
0	we wouldn't want to recreate that experiment.
0	and we'll just take one more call.
0	i mean i'm born and raised here.
0	workers have also been cutting down trees.
0	but they seemed to turn it around.
0	a little wry but not too wry.
0	like i'm not trying to do anything.
0	so we need help on this and.
0	the plan's timeframe could surprise many lawmakers.
0	in   his alaska speech the president responded.
0	we will see you all in 1974.
0	and so i call them celibacy   devices.
0	then i realized i knew the song.
0	and listen it's all on donald trump.
0	i'm a big fan of yours actually.
0	but isn't housing a great long-term investment?
0	by and large people do very well.
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	no no. it's just a dire situation.
0	this is a highbrow film in 3-d.
0	just to pick up on mary's point.
0	and well let's hope that that's sustained.
0	give us a call 800 989 8255.
0	let me tell you i'm a farmer.
0	mask-wearing is still pretty universal in beijing.
0	i look forward to reading your book.
0	mr. lusane let me start with you.
0	he wants to get rid of her.
0	but they're not going to get him.
0	stop the world just for a second.
0	was there a moment something you saw?
0	yeah i think it's the party line.
0	troy you didn't hear what i said.
0	nancy   you're on talk of the nation.
0	at least that's what the cia says.
0	i mean we're   adding to the deficit.
0	let's take a couple of calls here.
0	can't make the show without ariela zebede.
0	and it's not just the daca issue.
0	i mean you can't tell the difference.
0	he comes   out of the law-and-order mode.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	some places where there'sthey're practically no-go   areas.
0	well i think it's the wrong approach.
0	well look let me state the obvious.
0	can you do well by doing good?
0	entrepreneurs we'd like to hear from you.
0	thanks very much for the call suzanne.
0	kevin thanks very much for the call.
0	i wanted to bring the magazine out.
0	the pullout from iraq was clearly popular.
0	you know it's just kind of different.
0	well mary thanks very much for that.
0	also in new york is danielle belton.
0	it sounds like you are with trump.
0	they did not know that these words.
0	it establishes a commitment to combat corruption.
0	well i think for the moment yes.
0	people just can't believe this is happening.
0	what are you seeing on that regard?
0	hey farai you went to harvard right?
0	my daughter wanted them for her birthday.
0	the russians also created social media accounts.
0	you can also drop us an email.
0	last year that number was 12 percent.
0	so that could be a potential headache.
0	imagine how much steel goes into that.
0	it's a pleasure to be with you.
0	it's the first step to joining russia.
0	makes the man healthy wealthy and wise.
0	you know this year's been pretty tough.
0	here's another email that speaks to this.
0	i went to the harvard-yale football game.
0	and i hope others can hear that.
0	that sounds like potentially a big deal.
0	it's the second word of the saying.
0	our engineer this week is adam staniszewski.
0	so is this market getting more crowded?
0	and we appreciate you talking   to us.
0	that's off the   coast of newfoundland correct?
0	and it's got to become more pointed.
0	is that something you would consider doing?
0	so they might save the extra money.
0	wild animals come every day   every morning.
0	and behalf of doug thank you too.
0	we it's sort of a black box.
0	wasn't his administration involved in negotiating it?
0	i just wanted to make a comment.
0	and then each kid gets one car.
0	how are younger musicians changing the music?
0	i put the beetle in the container.
0	it is no longer business as usual.
0	but remember there are no anthems playing.
0	this can be extremely damaging to mexico.
0	we are sitting on a time bomb.
0	so is what you're proposing actually realistic?
0	the hills surrounding ulaanbaatar were once green.
0	we had fun got married in brooklyn.
0	he worked at exxon for 19 years.
0	he's a vice president at intellectual ventures.
0	they're trying to take away your privacy.
0	this is one of them joe chernesky.
0	the resisters were few and far between.
0	and my mother remarried a jamaican man.
0	and i care about beating the republicans.
0	npr's pentagon reporter tom bowman has more.
0	i know there are some success stories.
0	asia takes out about 50 53 percent.
0	children's drawings are taped to the wall.
0	and carrie the president arrives here tomorrow.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	i don't think it's supposed to be.
0	you have this deadly war in iraq.
0	here's npr's national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	when you do that you lose elections.
0	i don't know where my wife is.
0	businesses did have their windows blown out.
0	how does it get to play here?
0	but outside authorities kept things the same.
0	she aired this video on december 4.
0	rob thanks very much for your call.
0	clearly your daughter was on to something.
0	we can see the consequences very clearly.
0	but there is definitely a quality difference.
0	i go into my home to listen.
0	and in some ways still true today.
0	it was one of those buyers-beware situations.
0	and your daughter looks like a cheerleader.
0	doctor grady good to talk to you.
0	he covers   congress for the washington post.
0	and i think he can do anything.
0	and it's interesting he's talking about meat.
0	real money in the billions of dollars.
0	now they have their quarterback healthy again.
0	this is done three times per year.
0	so you know i think it's great.
0	and it's a very powerful important thing.
0	to me this history should humble us.
0	some people talk about waves or water.
0	let's go next to this is phoebe.
0	it involved a lot of sneaking around.
0	you know she hasn't made any decisions.
0	in my mind so far so good.
0	secondly they create parallel lines of communication.
0	we have time for one more call.
0	we still have calls on the line.
0	i think that was struck down though.
0	but solis says the work is hard.
0	raila odinga they believe was their candidate.
0	we're going to take a break here.
0	it's taken nine months to train them.
0	what should congress do at this point?
0	they're really focused on safety and sanitation.
0	i mean i talk on the radio.
0	as christians they will likely be accepted.
0	he demanded congress fix it or else.
0	so remind us of last week's challenge.
0	mills says what they found surprised him.
0	i think that will be most healing.
0	do they need to have follow up?
0	no we have our solid info here.
0	i am all for glimmers of hope.
0	he didn't want to get into that.
0	she denied that she was a celebrity.
0	it's the only place it actually works.
0	we also have an email challenge going.
0	do you own stock in these companies?
0	if you do do you disclose that?
0	but they're not always an easy sell.
0	you're talking about her video presentation today?
0	where is hoboken going to finance this?
0	and let's get michael on the line.
0	sean what do you say to him?
0	we are and weehawken and jersey city.
0	no problem good to be here lynn.
0	and it is part of her legacy.
0	obviously a lot has happened this year.
0	npr national political correspondent don gonyea reports.
0	well i would have gotten lost then.
0	he'll be a guest on morning edition.
0	it gets old really quickly on screen.
0	he has you know the cartoon character.
0	let's listen to just a bit more.
0	this is a town of former presidents.
0	a team from china has drilling underway.
0	come on up and claim your prize.
0	evolution takes place everyday in tiny increments.
0	azel was soon involved in underground activities.
0	but also it's a source of pride.
0	some scientists are recommending even tougher restrictions.
0	and it's a little bit more secure.
0	he   would bring it up himself sometimes.
0	beck jordan-young was one of the demonstrators.
0	you know that's well that's the challenge.
0	this is a damp and rocky place.
0	i mean you want to get   around.
0	a lawyer for cosgrove declined to comment.
0	maybe he just isn't interested in money.
0	so why is ted cruz so well-positioned?
0	and i said guys wait a minute.
0	but other than that we're doing good.
0	tampa should be good again smaller payroll.
0	you could be thinking of irene franklin.
0	in the end it doesn't really matter.
0	and if it doesn't then you modify.
0	steve mistler of maine public radio reports.
0	and stay tuned here on the radio.
0	i don't want to i don't know.
0	it was a little traumatizing for communities.
0	quiana is black and seth is white.
0	if that meant being anti-abortion rights fine.
0	we had quite a few program cuts.
0	you know we can live with that.
0	i just find that hard to believe.
0	that's the jargon it's our jargon alert.
0	that's a big step for a president.
0	and mike have you seen the movie?
0	i mean that's kind of really lovely.
0	but it's an interesting area to research.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	you know what does he really believe?
0	it sounds like such an important story.
0	the key to fort knox no doubt.
0	he's a former pitcher for the mets.
0	what was the reaction at the time?
0	and it's a cosmologist named andre linde.
0	has there ever been anything like this?
0	what does he say he wants changed?
0	now it's time for the chemistry prize.
0	and it's not just black and white.
0	so they're really starting from zero there.
0	richard always nice to have you back.
0	kara's with us from amherst in massachusetts.
0	melina milazzo is with human rights first.
0	ted welcome back to day to day.
0	well we don't want that to happen.
0	then there was the more open-ended approach.
0	and you know i love hyperbole gene.
0	it's time for our weekly africa update.
0	and i couldn't agree more with wilhelmina.
0	and i'll talk to you again soon.
0	and this is how corbyn put it.
0	this case does have a serious side.
0	safety accuracy recycling and safety and redundancy.
0	you can read it also for free.
0	i'll take any responses off the air.
0	and what would you say to that?
0	only four flights are scheduled for today.
0	i think the distribution has gone well.
0	you know this is a big story.
0	no i think i've had my fill.
0	ig nobel master of ceremonies mark abrahams.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	and this can get kind of tricky.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	we wouldn't have known where to go.
0	georgia public broadcasting's stephen fowler thank you.
0	it's not gold so it's the other.
0	all i have to do is cook.
0	it's my favorite holiday of the year.
0	cohen now admits that those were lies.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	he joins us on the line now.
0	well that would be an interesting question.
0	i mean jill is i think biracial.
0	iraqis also wept and honked their horns.
0	kamal is holding her daughter nermeen jassim.
0	so i understand your bags are packed.
0	i just love the music in this.
0	terrorism against our nation will not stand.
0	and basically he said i don't know.
0	soldiers killed a mother breastfeeding her baby.
0	she'll vote but she's not sure where.
0	robert burck is the original naked cowboy.
0	he's had several opportunities to stay here.
0	like viruses travel with people who travel.
0	is partisanship though a part of this?
0	excuse me while i drink my coffee.
0	let's get another call on the line.
0	that's the whole objective of the movement.
0	and our water is undrinkable right now.
0	the ideological middle is dead in congress.
0	he hasn't asked me for my vote.
0	she's been bed-bound for over 10 years.
0	well my friend to the last one.
0	in short it was business as usual.
0	in new hampshire you have another phenomenon.
0	it's got to be longer than that.
0	and you're also kind of a jerk.
0	and matthew continetti of the weekly standard.
0	well tell us what this ruling means.
0	yeah i picked some of my favorites.
0	from member station whyy joel rose   reports.
0	this would be his last gasp appeal.
0	so and the whole office was screaming.
0	and we'll be looking at that 202.
0	like i was really serious really quickly.
0	one is have to do with michigan.
0	tomorrow talk of the nation: science friday.
0	it's a mosaic of orthodox and catholic.
0	then there's about an hour of tv-watching.
0	how often do you eat those things?
0	no. however it's really not a choice.
0	writer bill langworthy lives in los angeles.
0	which was like a big garbage bag.
0	you heard him on guitar and piano.
0	so that's all like before the visit.
0	i'm actually   at the aaa national office.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	you've got a british director tim kirby.
0	when we come back fake radio news.
0	you're a totally different kind of performer.
0	and as to what's causing the shrinking.
0	you   have the transponder on your windshield.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and she you know she has lived.
0	so that's a big deal in iowa.
0	they're proposing selling some of their camps.
0	she was all of 34 years old.
0	i accept responsibility for what happened here.
0	does it tell us that it's unraveling?
0	i think you'll find some turkey hunting.
0	and you conduct an animal-assisted therapy program.
0	she's been involved in talks with musharraf.
0	and mike we've both read the letter.
0	it requires a lot of hard work.
0	always a pleasure to talk to you.
0	because you thought it would be counter-productive?
0	yes it's going on in the brain.
0	eve was formed out of adam's rib.
0	the range this year has been exceptional.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	chinua achebe campaigned internationally for biafran independence.
0	so lots of people are against them.
0	the risk of failure are also high.
0	but again it doesn't excuse the behavior.
0	oh right so he could pipe in.
0	what was the lowest point for you?
0	what was the engine of change here?
0	but the voting went on despite that.
0	my daughter you know she's at college.
0	dad philip schentrup heads to the office.
0	the sooner we can finish the better.
0	i haven't talked to her in awhile.
0	remember va has 1,700 sites of care.
0	and how did you get the idea?
0	it doesn't taste like like really anything.
0	there is a   related civil suit pending.
0	rebecca lindland is an independent auto analyst.
0	there was a funeral in new york.
0	and that was all they could afford.
0	and joining us now is lior strahilevitz.
0	and that's something that may not last.
0	so where does all this leave us?
0	i mean there's evidence if you look.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	that doesn't mean he can't do this.
0	their constitution has minority rights in it.
0	those losses don't exist in a vacuum.
0	it's going to die on its own.
0	that's just the bottom line you know?
0	but it didn't fall below my expectations.
0	we could do it all from here.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	most of the affected areas are flooded.
0	what's more the scientists discovered something else.
0	thisall this process has been proven before.
0	the researchers thought hmm what's going on?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	duane victor james thank you so much.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so the scene is set for what?
0	well you've just become a second-class citizen.
0	so my real-life test began in january.
0	so you can enemy these public figures.
0	oh i'm filled with so much hate.
0	i asked the commissioner what's the answer?
0	i don't know who does it honestly.
0	i've got it in front of me.
0	figi says the results have been dramatic.
0	scott good to talk to you again.
0	and we had to earn that confidence.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	so the stakes are very very high.
0	a bit of makeup in a tube.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they shot sick people hiding under blankets.
0	there is a lot of unrest uncertainty.
0	and about two-thirds of hospitals are not-for-profits.
0	rosy laney spends her days in bed.
0	hmm all right al thanks very much.
0	would you care to play a game?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	what's the university and what's the thing?
0	david willing to concede victory yet here?
0	do you have that awful feeling that.
0	now president trump has stood by kavanaugh.
0	and that's helped our c02   emissions considerably.
0	here's another story we're following this morning.
0	why such a huge deal for cuba?
0	well that's sort of the big question.
0	or is this just the process unfolding?
0	it only cleans and washes their stomach.
0	i was even ready to give up.
0	i used to do that so much.
0	so give us a call at 800-989-8255.
0	it's going to be a red wave.
0	it can manifest itself in a person.
0	well first let's get our terms right.
0	it was actually for a cancer-surviving cause.
0	just go to our web site npr.
0	it's not just like they say ok.
0	like i'm the one that's giving birth.
0	in the evening i go back 6.
0	he promised us peace a two-state solution.
0	we've loved your stories over the years.
0	i'm like it's a no damn brainier.
0	is based on oh go ahead shankar.
0	a lot of people killed and wounded.
0	twenty-five-year-old kate schmelzer is from marshall wisconsin.
0	how has the government responded so far?
0	being afraid keeps you alert and alive.
0	so i let them through the gate.
0	so tell me about your band mates?
0	this is the family friendly programming forum.
0	it's interesting you put it that way.
0	i have visited all of my clients.
0	if someone's insulin diabetic cholesterol back problems.
0	first a heat shield slowed the rover.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	let us be human for two weeks.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	do i think there's money somewhere hidden?
0	still amazon faces some challenges going forward.
0	yes we have the honor of opening.
0	i'm susan drier lyon from springfield vermont.
0	i found it very difficult to undress.
0	david let me ask you about this.
0	we did things in the wrong order.
0	we're going to jeff in eugene oregon.
0	he's now vice chairman of macroeconomic advisers.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i don't know whether that has been.
0	it's not in too big a glass.
0	yeah all good a lot of questions.
0	so bear stearns certainly wasn't bailed out.
0	as little brothers will do you fight.
0	npr's elissa nadworny dropped by a class.
0	he was attorney general under president bush.
0	let's hear a few of those submissions.
0	they hadn't said what you can do.
0	i don't think it's good for me.
0	he's supportive of the health care bill.
0	she begins with a brief horticultural tour.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	and then they say are you staying?
0	that is correct found the $1 bill.
0	it's a wonderful way to make money.
0	well i think it's a landmark development.
0	so anastasia you also cover classical music.
0	what is your take on that steve?
0	what's a sign to look out for?
0	he'd been riding it around to classes.
0	germany started by doing this sunday night.
0	yeah or at least pretending to right?
0	that kind of message becomes so successful.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but chinese science then languished for centuries.
0	like great ok pi let's move on.
0	it's a pink with many little rosettes.
0	but i think more will move around.
0	yes that's what they're allowed to say.
0	that group is called some other race.
0	budget crunches are hitting cities hard too.
0	so it's closer to a space environment.
0	i definitely felt like i didn't belong.
0	yeah the effects of stark raving terror.
0	so it made me feel very good.
0	garland had planned to become a doctor.
0	so catch us up on bobby shmurda.
0	yeah it's already it's not looking good.
0	so those are often known as probiotics.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	you see them a lot in yogurts.
0	school officials aren't trained pharmacologists said wright.
0	it you know where do you begin?
0	well nate that is a long list.
0	and the relationship changes because of that.
0	we've been out here all our life.
0	and the job count number was right.
0	about 80 jobs hang in the balance.
0	they call it the zone of immunity.
0	so can you talk about that please?
0	mary ann on with us from pittsburgh.
0	the jews find it incredibly funny actually.
0	yeah he made a pretty strong statement.
0	so i just wanted to share that.
0	it hadn't been made in that reactor.
0	ira it's a pleasure to be here.
0	tell us what you think about it.
0	what's your reaction to what she said?
0	which means voting for the democratic nominee.
0	celeste again we're sorry for your loss.
0	well you learn about your culture more.
0	joanna calling from san leandro   in california.
0	how did we come into that theater?
0	i'm taking notes too from david poltrack.
0	there are lots of complex changes underway.
0	these trees also happen to be dead.
0	what would we do without the blues?
0	how was this mission described to you?
0	as a matter of fact they have.
0	it's a matter of legitimate scientific debate.
0	i vowed that would never happen again.
0	that's emily siner of wpln in nashville.
0	and they're waiting to come in legally.
0	longest between horns i'm going to say.
0	you just by accident stumble on it.
0	like ok latin america is pretty huge.
0	michigan republican michael rogers liked the idea.
0	there are all sorts of historical images.
0	bob thanks very much for the call.
0	now help us see the future here.
0	and they are playing to their bases.
0	and like that's really kind of cool.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	and it's almost like comparing the words.
0	oh let's listen to this triumphant moment.
0	it is the disease of our time.
0	in binghamton my first public radio station.
0	fraidy reiss is working to change that.
0	and moe he's a new york guy.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i mean really the submissions were great.
0	you know i never play our records.
0	he's an expert on predators and prey.
0	what's your advice for ann swan here?
0	i want you to just tell me.
0	these are women who are running now.
0	migration is going to change dramatically ari.
0	kenny is calling from columbia south carolina.
0	i think that was targeted for me.
0	more than a dozen shots ring out.
0	here's something you don't hear every day.
0	that is the inside of a beetle.
0	i think the u.s. will miss that.
0	it's simply a freight train passing through.
0	your book came out 25 years ago.
0	he's done something far better than that.
0	he's point guard for the houston rockets.
0	they pay zero percent after that 110,000.
0	we weren't engaging with them in dialogue.
0	yeah definitely very quiet here as well.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	so it's actually quite a significant loophole.
0	you can't run away from the truth.
0	and oddly enough we're rained out today.
0	i spoke about this with jennifer austin.
0	eventually george fulton became a pakistani citizen.
0	the   security of the nationeverybody is afraid.
0	it's little clips of news and   entertainment.
0	of course that's for women and men.
0	the state-sanctioned right to kill is important.
0	i went and did and asked them.
0	let's go next to this is christine.
0	they were guys with white hats one.
0	she lost three siblings to the disease.
0	you need to stop whining about this.
0	it's either minus one or minus 1.1.
0	so remind us of last week's challenge.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	they were losing african-american voters in droves.
0	in many places it's already in session.
0	before long sanders moved to vermont full-time.
0	and we were going to the airport.
0	and he said mohammed is a terrorist.
0	i love you all and god bless.
0	coleen perilloux landry feels the same way.
0	he says the response has been mixed.
0	scott what moment was that for you?
0	forty-nine percent say weiner should not run.
0	i believe that they do vet contestants.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	many are struggling to make their payments.
0	she's washington bureau chief of pj media.
0	you did that when it came out.
0	they're it's in varying states of decay.
0	he learned the trade working inside israel.
0	again i don't see anything that's changed.
0	i mean we have some stuff here.
0	and now joining us is flora lichtman.
0	what do we know about that delay?
0	but he apparently is back at work.
0	i would always walk a lot outside.
0	one is we are becoming more efficient.
0	there has to be a way out.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i don't know how to describe it.
0	goss is not falling on his sword.
0	how do you decide where to stop?
0	i have a house full of books.
0	thank you for covering our issue today.
0	it was a very powerful political metaphor.
0	i'm talking of up to 70 percent.
0	i live here in san antonio texas.
0	yes i've treated many patients with tuberculosis.
0	and lo and behold we found it.
0	but this let me tell you something.
0	are there going to be more gloves?
0	a lot of people love horror movies.
0	the primary in minnesota is september 12th.
0	glad to be on with you all.
0	from member station kunc kirk siegler reports.
0	first of all we should be clear.
0	i really really had a good time.
0	and they can do that in hollywood.
0	three minutes less of 2020 yes please.
0	so he still had steps to go.
0	other cities routinely reach out for advice.
0	i'm not going to be going anywhere.
0	but this weekend saudi women made history.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	can you just explain what happened there?
0	it's something that's incumbent upon all muslims.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they're tracking almost everywhere jason bourne goes.
0	we're talking about the nanotube semi-conductor radio.
0	but stratford admits he has a favorite.
0	i went there in july of 2012.
0	but e.j. you were about to say.
0	and then hillary clinton called pepe out.
0	the key issues are non-point source pollution.
0	john took his own life in 2015.
0	i'm steve inskeep with 21st-century tree hugging.
0	yeah where people don't actually see me.
0	i listen to your show every day.
0	some years are much worse than others.
0	so we don't ever use prophylactic antibiotics.
0	and so i'm humbled before you jeanine.
0	i asked dr. fong what is addiction.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and so that's all very very important.
0	i'm sorry 1,237 that's what i meant.
0	but that's been true for a while.
0	i supported the overthrow of saddam hussein.
0	that's just not so easy to do.
0	well he was very proud of it.
0	jim thanks very much for the call.
0	this has got to be a concern.
0	i don't think potter committed a crime.
0	well let's take a look at newark.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	like heart attacks strokes and blood clots.
0	how would you assess the various approaches?
0	and we've seen certain gestures of protest.
0	npr's john burnett reports from san antonio.
0	and ron how good is jordan spieth?
0	robby thanks very much for the call.
0	president george w. bush proposed immigration reform.
0	the pulitzer prize winner will join us.
0	just walking around and around the oval?
0	and here's your beaver and water buffalo.
0	and secondly palestinians are not for sale.
0	it's about the importance of the individual.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	it's going to happen in 50 years.
0	what is that woman doing up there?
0	apartments may cost around $130,000 or so.
0	if they know what's good for them.
0	it's hard to say where surfing began.
0	can you imagine that impeachment ever happening?
0	so i have the joy of hindsight.
0	i have to stay 24 to 24.
0	people worried their taxes would go up.
0	so what's the trick to start it?
0	so this woman actually replied margarita glasses?
0	the iphone went on sale in 2007.
0	that's the simplest answer to all this.
0	for that matter it's not about technology.
0	well you're going to oxford that's awesome.
0	how the laws of fashion made history.
0	elizabeth warren is doing one in boston.
0	what about people interacting with each other?
0	do people make use of this in.
0	that's the kind of equipment they build.
0	david thanks very much for the call.
0	npr's eric westervelt has more from oakland.
0	he's been a prominent spokesman for al-qaida.
0	let's talk about the great mask debate.
0	i'm not sure this helps or hurts.
0	every comedian goes through these growing pains.
0	thank you very much for your time.
0	you're over thinking this way too much.
0	rents have firmed and started to rise.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	it's sort of mistaking visibility for liberation.
0	i mean i could totally be wrong.
0	and there are also delays with supply.
0	it's just a watered-down version of that.
0	and our story continues with that tomorrow.
0	some economists are not bothered by that.
0	we're going to keep you another night.
0	so that's a resource for the public.
0	npr's guy raz is at the pentagon.
0	i try not to emulate you know?
0	and steal your jokes from the best.
0	it's always exciting to see the face.
0	kate thanks very much for the call.
0	that win-win message appealed to people here.
0	the agency scrambled to find a fix.
0	does this group have bases in iraq?
0	they said people there like the names.
0	there are others who are advocating this.
0	well thank you guys for your interest.
0	they pull colored chips from the bag.
0	i mean abuse is rampant even now.
0	mark behan is a spokesman for ge.
0	his practice includes professional athletes and bodybuilders.
0	but sweeney is also worried about doping.
0	security up until now has been good.
0	and that raises a question michael crittenden.
0	we just have a minute or so.
0	we need to put them to work.
0	i don't think it's snitching at all.
0	they made the choice to disobey god.
0	it was written in a pre-scientific age.
0	from san diego npr's luke burbank reports.
0	what   do you think that'll sound like?
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	you're having x-rays go through your system.
0	tyler says the nights were the worst.
0	and that's me with my two sons.
0	even without an antelope to chase down.
0	there is a huge amount of anxiety.
0	but ryan said he had little choice.
0	no i think they were totally wrong.
0	but then trump came out and spoke.
0	also maybe there's a momentum factor here.
0	yes on sale in a washington bookstore.
0	and it's time to play the puzzle.
0	and for chris davis it's over baby.
0	like we really was there in shock.
0	husco international makes components for hydraulic equipment.
0	it's not going to be resolved overnight.
0	some made the call on their own.
0	so china pakistan iran russia among others.
0	what does it stand for for you?
0	i want to see permanent legislative fixes.
0	well we're glad to hear about that.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and the same is true for twitter.
0	tracey alvino is assistant director of voicesforseniors.
0	but you need to communicate that explicitly.
0	and just real quick he said no.
0	a state of the body and pregnancy.
0	this is the real world he wrote.
0	he wasn't going to win that race.
0	china now is in a critical moment.
0	that was a big part of this.
0	well we have so many things joe.
0	they call me the father of recycling.
0	so that's how i first went there.
0	what are the chances for clemson here?
0	and the answer was trampoline and tramline.
0	let's go back to march of 2020.
0	well it was a fantastically massive job.
0	that kind of scared you didn't it?
0	and before we go one last note.
0	bikes from asia and europe attract many.
0	we're already seeing heavy bands of rain.
0	that's when the anger really crept up.
0	professionals call it the mask of sanity.
0	rage against the government runs deep here.
0	how would you describe his current role?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	my immune system i can fight it.
0	well thanks very much for the call.
0	it's as if it never had happened.
0	so you've got different organizations out here.
0	are you using the term diplomats loosely?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	that would free up people to move.
0	he called the protests riots back then.
0	she left and left the press behind.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	right well there's soccer of course football.
0	they kept invoking trade secrets with everyone.
0	what does that term mean to you?
0	matt thanks very much for the call.
0	no children have been born to us.
0	and now it's time for your letters.
0	and things are getting even more severe.
0	no they were originally the minneapolis lakers.
0	they've all reported steep drops in profits.
0	that is connecticut public radio's frankie graziano.
0	bradley simon is a former federal prosecutor.
0	the whole platform is a counter-ideology platform.
0	how could we not consider what if?
0	after that says bahjat adnan they left.
0	he's just not one doesn't swim through.
0	so you were right about the ohio.
0	which black classical musicians especially inspire you?
0	so what options does the president have?
0	can it do so in your opinion?
0	fewer athletes who actually go to class.
0	we're processing approximately two checks per second.
0	and he described a very chaotic scene.
0	but critics say they have their doubts.
0	that's what laid the groundwork for this.
0	people go you know above and beyond.
0	jay field of chicago public radio reports.
0	it happened to donald trump with covid.
0	they move in a very deliberative fashion.
0	thanks so much for joining us ken.
0	did he get the first name right?
0	but on its face that's very troubling.
0	so joe is this an empty threat?
0	and this from natalie in oakland california.
0	and president obama seemed sensitive to that.
0	i mean this is a war zone.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	meant working very hard to get little.
0	so there is a lot of focus.
0	so we're talking about most african-american homes.
0	you just need to break it down.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	i'm seeing more young people at audiences.
0	i didn't learn for another two years.
0	but i was diagnosed since third grade.
0	i went through school didn't learn much.
0	so that is a no-go as well.
0	well and thank you for your question.
0	i think they just like rick perry.
0	no one's ever truly dead in sci-fi.
0	carrie khan npr news panama city panama.
0	for him all boats are not rising.
0	his family is struggling to cope too.
0	npr's carrie khan reports from panama city.
0	francis has emerged as a diplomatic player.
0	he used more than 300 powerpoint slides.
0	we've heard your point nina gilden seavey.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	and margie omero is here as well.
0	apfelbaum recalls one moment in the ceremony.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	la county has about 53,000 homeless people.
0	and you are a composer i understand?
0	i mean the economy is still struggling.
0	so there's really three stories going here.
0	julianne let me take that to you.
0	every year it's a time of tension.
0	as far as wage growth absolutely not.
0	that's coming up next on our roundtable.
0	scientists are already learning some surprising things.
0	let's go now to this is cammie.
0	new mexico has a lot of poverty.
0	how about saddle effect e-f-f-e-c-t and pocket.
0	four-hundred-pound guy on a bed to use.
0	that's a sports management and marketing group.
0	the dub scientist needed his own laboratory.
0	this is the new petro power movement.
0	these politicians are desperate to find money.
0	and i think bush has moved on.
0	joe what do you do really briefly?
0	well that's part about the argument is.
0	but we're going to have an argument.
0	and that's why the bill is important.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	i get a call from my wife.
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	all right npr's scott detrow is here.
0	that's a message he likes to pound.
0	and we're very grateful for their efforts.
0	well i think harvard is not unique.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	he gets picked up by underground activists.
0	but you know it may not matter.
0	you and shalamar you did eight albums?
0	for now at least the fighting continues.
0	they shut the door locked the door.
0	democrats continue their attacks on alito's record.
0	yeah and then illinois followed by louisiana.
0	they could not pass single-payer this year.
0	one pound of white truffles costs $2,000.
0	and you live in traverse city michigan.
0	so winter time how does it work?
0	and let's pick out systemic risk regulator.
0	you think we got our money's worth?
0	i thank you for thanking my call.
0	they joined us here in studio 3a.
0	li changchun tell me more about him.
0	but the sanctions also protect big business.
0	let's see if can get rebecca in.
0	i think you're just it's like those.
0	i don't really consider that a diss.
0	you talk about yourself on the show.
0	now the british had a different view.
0	let's go back about a year ago.
0	well that's part of thethat's something historical.
0	this was supposed to open by 2010.
0	but the information saddened one young man.
0	in addition the adults were being executed.
0	so the districts will be seeking funding.
0	his father was an aide to zhao.
0	it was the volume that got you.
0	then he focused on an odd anomaly.
0	saynamont and her family aren't alone here.
0	she holds it up to the bottles.
0	that jacobs says he would have remembered.
0	that doesn't worry antiques dealer adam murray.
0	scott some good numbers for the president.
0	what do you think he'll be saying?
0	and he did pass out once before.
0	there were 44 countries present in 1944.
0	more on that race in a minute.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	you can't even get to thomas street.
0	but smackdowns are good for my business.
0	he's done some of the important research.
0	so that couldn't have been very safe.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	tonight's top billing goes to michelle obama.
0	you know i'm pretty fortunate that way.
0	what makes one bicyclist better   than another?
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	npr's tovia smith tours that instant infrastructure.
0	what exactly unpack your opposition to me?
0	you can lose flexibility within your joints.
0	palestinians he says will negotiate for peace.
0	april baer of oregon public broadcasting reports.
0	i've also heard it called mount hopeless.
0	another says salz sleeping in your contacts.
0	give us a thumbnail of your experience.
0	and i'm melissa block in southern california.
0	the passengers were mostly chinese and korean.
0	well what's the answer elgin or elgin?
0	the yeshivish are an ultra-orthodox jewish sect.
0	why did you come up with that?
0	well i you know i don't know.
0	they have been in all three seasons.
0	my 6-year-old asks for certain green vegetables.
0	he is a tribal public safety officer.
0	now i'm not opposed to economic development.
0	i think she's made peace with it.
0	the capital damascus is a tense place.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	what do you make of the breakdown?
0	i feel better already that destiny's child.
0	i now have a grammar blog www.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	three weeks ago he completed just two.
0	we sang that song all the time.
0	we've all cringed at someone's grammatical errors.
0	ours is probably about 120 years old.
0	we have no stocks on the industry.
0	that was also a big question mark.
0	it has brought balance to your show.
0	his father george romney was the governor.
0	remember just one entry per person please.
0	did they have a sense of humor.
0	president trump and his advisers certainly are.
0	when everything goes wrong it's your fault.
0	ok i knew that was a joke.
0	of course she's just like her husband.
0	has an alien really invaded my body?
0	everybody has known somebody that's cutting back.
0	they signed bryce harper 17 years old.
0	nprs health and science correspondent richard knox.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	theres going to be a new normal.
0	so where did this idea come from?
0	instead we got a whole new constitution.
0	i was not questioned about those documents.
0	i'm not exactly what he said there.
0	walk up the street there's ray hoshoe.
0	he did try school for a while.
0	ron paul has a formidable grassroots operation.
0	hubble's sister also once worked at belden.
0	it is a business a definite business.
0	that you know let us have choice.
0	he's the mayor of south bend ind.
0	and here's what he had to say.
0	now comes the second part of it.
0	so does the cable loop back again?
0	okay well let's talk about that whitewash.
0	so we make things that make things.
0	he's considering a couple of different careers.
0	we just have a few seconds left.
0	that is a myth says jeannie allen.
0	one of them was senator bill cassidy.
0	it came from the streets of philadelphia.
0	there aren't reliable statistics on border rapes.
0	thank you neal pleasure to be here.
0	and this is what we do work.
0	we have a videotape of the game.
0	in ohio i believe it's 20 percent.
0	timken has eight facilities in south carolina.
0	she's dead-set against the narcan overdose-rescue programs.
0	he's going to be in some trouble.
0	i didn't feel it was a risk.
0	we will look at them under oath.
0	i am a student of the cow.
0	there's been a ramp-up as the healthcare.
0	is it a problem for mr. bush?
0	first he was well-versed on his goals.
0	we want to know what you think.
0	work keeps me from being as active.
0	tim's with us from spokane in washington.
0	basim is somebody who speaks fluent english.
0	they have the money in their account.
0	your vibrancy and strength will be increased.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. morrison.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	yeah but now that you mention it.
0	he barricaded himself inside a parking garage.
0	well a prosecutor essentially has omnipotent power.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	but schellestede claims these are friendly coastlines.
0	they've lost the substance of this argument.
0	i derived the quadratic formula i did.
0	he sleeps four hours in a day.
0	we're the city of dallas one family.
0	big american flag lots of american flags.
0	she says the planet is called kepler-186f.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it's the $92 billion student loan market.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	today to do that would be suicide.
0	he's also on the line   with us.
0	he is the mayor of a city.
0	the president said there is no timeline.
0	they did find some near matches though.
0	well i think there'll be some opposition.
0	and thanks very much for the call.
0	there are denials and there are dodges.
0	and i'm making calls to iowa now.
0	we've been speaking with colonel ronan wolf.
0	somebody once said dying doesn't cause suffering.
0	she has two events here later today.
0	kts says that sony is trying to.
0	well i appreciate you listening to me.
0	you have to start on the turntables.
0	it's really the stuff of science fiction.
0	oh it's a pleasure to be here.
0	and don't worry about the 15 days.
0	scott sanders do you have a favorite?
0	we didn't believe that it was true.
0	and i do think they'll go through.
0	it shows so much about a person.
0	now normally rat poison is an anti-coagulant.
0	you know i'm such a great candidate.
0	we have a whole new vocabulary right?
0	they're not going to move that   quickly.
0	and you have to take a question.
0	how well do you know bilal hussein?
0	ludo's wife krissy lefebvre recalls that night.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	oh it was a lot more drama.
0	he joins us by phone from pasadena.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	paul burka thank you for joining us.
0	tens of thousands of dollars per well.
0	nasa's other space missions are all unmanned.
0	the next one won't come until 2016.
0	how did you possibly know that simon?
0	he hasn't even turned the light on.
0	i was probably thinking about something else.
0	and they lost 60 seats in 2010.
0	he said what if i let everybody?
0	it's not like she needs more exposure.
0	every sunday panthers fans love this sound.
0	not necessarily in their abstract academic way.
0	so remind us of last week's challenge.
0	our senate seat works on our   behalf.
0	and new proton centers started opening up.
0	that prompted questions about the u.s. strategy.
0	fred welcome back to day to day.
0	ink on paper it doesn't matter anymore.
0	in the end who gave more ground?
0	she came in early in the morning.
0	americans are utterly fed up with washington.
0	they came from all classes of society.
0	we're going to let this guy go.
0	a lot of people object to him.
0	i think that is the whole project.
0	mike murphy is a republican political strategist.
0	it took him three years to realize.
0	zimmerman was addicted to heroin for years.
0	she was like well what's your plan?
0	still some education programs face total elimination.
0	the whole place has been ripped up.
0	what's so unusual about this debate ron?
0	recently there have been so many campaigns.
0	even younger ukrainians have lost their spirit.
0	well we believed in what we wrote.
0	sally o'neill's risk was much much smaller.
0	chad harbach i have to ask you.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	however when they're eating grains they do.
0	reality is sinking in more and more.
0	michael curci worked in the twin towers.
0	i thought he was going to perform.
0	when you said one in a billion?
0	they've been living in hiding in exile.
0	all right that was the first creature.
0	we got three for under $15 each.
0	yes but not between now and tuesday.
0	you could open the door that way.
0	they take up residence in other organs.
0	we learn to adapt to new technologies.
0	we've got some cultural kind of baggage.
0	katrice let me go back to you.
0	yes and think where the congregation sits.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	frank shyong writes for the la times.
0	early voting is already underway in ohio.
0	michelle thanks very much for the call.
0	that is one way of reading it.
0	we need to change our justice system.
0	a lot of people just feel abandoned.
0	well it has a couple of effects.
0	well she's somebody who clearly cares deeply.
0	write to us by going to npr.
0	so the caller's right about the concern.
0	you know comedy in itself was illegal.
0	and we still have a thriving economy.
0	he's got a whole list of them.
0	where would that money savings come from?
0	and a knee hit the ground hard.
0	it's so hot it's not a joke.
0	so i think that's the key thing.
0	we're spending $150 billion dollars a year.
0	we've seen ambulances streaming from the front.
0	you know let me tell you something.
0	the republicans should be feeling pretty good.
0	i'll never quit that kind of thing.
0	npr's cheryl corley is in south florida.
0	it's you know that doesn't happen here.
0	npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson is in munich.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	sure imus was wrong and he's gone.
0	he met with foreign minister tipzi livni.
0	you got a plaque right on it.
0	it's a classic turnaround on this issue.
0	ethel van landingham had died years ago.
0	meyer says that caused a new problem.
0	we've got a   couple of minutes left.
0	i'm about to turn 59 next month.
0	sugars fat and salt are much cheaper.
0	you have chip makers making things overseas.
0	you know i think it's really interesting.
0	tony thanks very much for the call.
0	but first one of the tanner critics.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	symptoms such as unexpected bleeding or pain.
0	what did you think of the book?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we were only called on financial resources.
0	the provision is called news source review.
0	i'm ready to fly without coming back.
0	florida you know had a great year.
0	in many cases it does take years.
0	she does marketing for a local college.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and he said it's all about logistics.
0	daniel thanks very much for the call.
0	he could've refused to accept the resignation.
0	today the supreme court returns to work.
0	vicky o'hara npr news at the pentagon.
0	but oftentimes they filter their ideas then.
0	well i'm not sure that you can.
0	and no one knows these shirts exist.
0	and i've got my masters in administration.
0	it's whether you're doing wrong or not.
0	many descendants of slaves beg to differ.
0	they never could and they still can't.
0	yeah you know you're just driving along.
0	and his workshop is a hobbyist's dream.
0	i got a little bit of pasture.
0	all the other opinions are just that.
0	that's all i was creating for kids.
0	something is distinctly lost for the public.
0	it's not because you're an only child.
0	doesn't sound like your cup of bile?
0	was that a trend before the recession?
0	we're going to take another call now.
0	mac thanks for coming on science friday.
0	but vetticad says it shouldn't stop there.
0	that'll create some inflation in the economy.
0	well the list is a long one.
0	yes he did a lot of swimming.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	well it's a question of your horizons.
0	we're not in position to do that.
0	they perpetuate it and make it worse.
0	i'll take my answer off the air.
0	we're talking today how many is enough?
0	so you've got to play that calculation.
0	that the disclose act had many provisions.
0	and i just typed in anything random.
0	students here used to get more music.
0	npr's rob schmitz joins us from shanghai.
0	i just typed in something on google.
0	we're getting a really strong positive reaction.
0	are they on the couch surfing list?
0	people come here to meet other   people.
0	what does he make them out of?
0	i've actually been depressed because of this.
0	and if i were him i would.
0	there was this moment of wild celebration.
0	so what are the next legal moves?
0	but he said no he's really gone.
0	and she just said here it is.
0	npr's senior news analyst daniel schorr explains.
0	but that didn't seem right for today.
0	thank you so much for that alina.
0	we're not quite sure what that means.
0	so again 20 pencils for 20 cents.
0	health reform does not cut physician fees.
0	good to have you with us today.
0	no. i'm not planning to right now.
0	but something else happened with this film.
0	he didn't endorse a very dramatic moment.
0	that's ken kane from kearny new jersey.
0	take today's dallas morning news for example.
0	he says he teaches them the basics.
0	he joins us from kuhf in houston.
0	i mean i saw the video pick.
0	no i just want 100 percent honesty.
0	you had enough of ben didn't you?
0	that's where people practice for caucus night.
0	tonight's the night we've been fighting for.
0	well i want them to have everything.
0	his mother reminds him of hillary clinton.
0	she studies the social impacts of technology.
0	and it's 18 minutes past the hour.
0	i like to call them septic detectives.
0	so she really brought a tremendous expertise.
0	and so u.s. consumers will be hit.
0	what's really striking to us is this.
0	he's one of the liberty hackathon's organizers.
0	well it's funny you should ask that.
0	hassina sarwari is waiting to go home.
0	i have no doubt they saved lives.
0	hooray for the family readiness group center.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	here's what's interesting with your music too.
0	you've given me something to think about.
0	and i think it's a wise thing.
0	and here's another list we cut together.
0	for me i called myself the general.
0	still beer drinkers pay more for imports.
0	they're made out of human stem cells.
0	yeah and they're almost like tiger stripes.
0	what are the steps i can take?
0	well i that's a very good point.
0	both candidates for governor are behind it.
0	in the west we spell that d-o-n-g.
0	bannon says he'll help finance the film.
0	ivan what about the humanitarian situation there?
0	it's happening as pittsburgh enjoys a renaissance.
0	for angel raich the decision was wrenching.
0	that's where question-wording differences can change results.
0	well i think they definitely tried to.
0	inmates are not allowed to drink alcohol.
0	and dr. conn hold on a second.
0	we go to the library a lot.
0	here's an email from dan: absolutely not.
0	now that's not contradiction but it's complexity.
0	what let me start with simple things.
0	do you consider that a broken promise?
0	it's around i don't know 9,000 people.
0	and have i heard my name called?
0	he was permanently scarred mentally by this.
0	maybe i should've made it two novels.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	ted cruz has surged in polls there.
0	yes lebron james had a triple double.
0	that's mayor dewayne hopkins of muscatine iowa.
0	so we still have this big stalemate.
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	because the data has gotten really troubling.
0	so that's why i care about it.
0	nobody he says includes his own co-workers.
0	well yes we had hundreds of people.
0	i had to go find pain pills.
0	and some key people support the ambassador.
0	is this going to harm him politically?
0	well he said he was not guilty.
0	it's just an awful lot of planning.
0	and i think that's a real shame.
0	so people up there are they scared?
0	that's exactly the right kind of idea.
0	ann thanks very much for the call.
0	first they went to prosecutor robert laurino.
0	well brian let me turn to you.
0	so we're at the child advocacy center.
0	welcome back to washington d.c. freedom fighters.
0	how do you expect to do that?
0	some people can do it really well.
0	you need to have a diversified portfolio.
0	just tell them how long they have.
0	you're wasting it on rock and comedy.
0	the officer stopped the driver khrishad clark.
0	and then he pulled back on that.
0	this is a cycle we're looking at.
0	you're dealing with doctors you're making decisions.
0	it is the same thing in morocco.
0	there's post-orbital pain where your eyes ache.
0	i'm glad you're doing more bird stuff.
0	there's no such thing as black-owned labels.
0	so yes while everybody should be offended.
0	he's looking in the u.s. for investment.
0	tell us a little bit about djibouti.
0	the stock market is not the economy.
0	he's so much happier now since sonny.
0	they buy huawei equipment because it's cheap.
0	well everything's very simple but it works.
0	what do you mean we'll lose them?
0	but we are definitely giving up privacy.
0	it's a nation he's keenly interested in.
0	is there someplace you can study it?
0	the obama administration gave us another definition.
0	abdu salam drives a taxi in chicago.
0	walnut grove is not a day care.
0	that hasn't really put in place yet.
0	and that's what's happening with toby gerhart.
0	do you wear it as a crown?
0	there's going to be some push back.
0	you came back like in the telenovellas.
0	and 10 minutes is like pushing it.
0	guys it's nice to have you back.
0	i know what these folks are against.
0	you will not want to miss that.
0	gerry thanks for being on the program.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	wallace says he's seen it many times.
0	i'm farai chideya in for ed gordon.
0	no i'm not having a good time.
0	you know i'm with the new yorker.
0	well he is the chief of security.
0	npr's jackie northam is in islamabad pakistan.
0	it means we can get cheap imports.
0	that's what the arabs will tell you.
0	it doesn't look bad on this   side.
0	but actually what is a stone jamming?
0	they try to depend on syrian assistance.
0	you sound pretty skeptical of this deal.
0	there may be some effect of that.
0	i think this is a misguided policy.
0	thank you very much for that call.
0	where do we actually get it right?
0	i've got already 400,000 here 420 450,000.
0	she joined us here in studio 3a.
0	that's only one part of the equation.
0	i said you don't know my husband.
0	the entire casino resort covers 185 acres.
0	he always dreamed of becoming an actor.
0	you can abuse people with the dogs.
0	a little voice screeched from the lifeline.
0	in stump speeches he started mentioning it.
0	well our guest is dr. anne schuchat.
0	after that all he did was sleep.
0	well most of the time you can.
0	several people were actually angry with me.
0	michael with us from eureka in california.
0	so i'm really just telling the story.
0	well that's all still being worked out.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	lisa is calling us from phoenix arizona.
0	can you take that apart for us?
0	but today social media reached into us.
0	you know that just kills in training.
0	hamas' popularity is certainly boosted as well.
0	well the different witnesses are kept separate.
0	he was already onboard the uss bainbridge.
0	thank you so much for your call.
0	they don't want it to get out.
0	this is track no. 1 first one.
0	is it being sponsored by a bank?
0	he shared that suggestion with steve inskeep.
0	now she's got $100 in her hand.
0	the architect says well i suppose so.
0	we want to hear from lifeguards today.
0	you know it didn't happen right away.
0	well congressman i'm glad you raised 2018.
0	and that this goes in every area.
0	life has been good for the bushes.
0	thirty nine-year-old ben weisse will be running.
0	and of course they are less accountable.
0	takao thanks very much for the question.
0	everything is in it for mom indications.
0	they were only suppressed during the war.
0	so normal was when he was away.
0	she's 22 weeks pregnant with twin boys.
0	they had strong hearts and willing hands.
0	well that's all we had time for.
0	i wanted to say one more thing.
0	not very good just not very good.
0	ian james argues it's an unfair characterization.
0	this is in fact a succeeding state.
0	he spoke to our co-host steve inskeep.
0	some people here call these kabul cabs.
0	perez is no stranger to labor issues.
0	a negro explorer at the north pole.
0	he's here to talk about playboy's decision.
0	from birmingham gigi douban has the story.
0	but so how fair can that be?
0	i was wondering if that was true.
0	it's trying to stop that from happening.
0	they need to stand on their own.
0	a few may be headed for extinction.
0	the fed is not in that business.
0	hi and thanks for taking my call.
0	but aren't these partnersaren't they sometimes competitors?
0	you've won the newberry back in 1999.
0	he's the hero in this tv movie.
0	they sucked the life out of egypt.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	that was back in march of 2006.
0	we love you and we always will.
0	shannon's with us from davenport in iowa.
0	and we've been together for nine years.
0	i want to bring in bruce riedel.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	you know the ymca needs more coaches.
0	the seven other said yes we will.
0	tasha thanks very much for the call.
0	they don't allow them to do that.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	and we had a really good policy.
0	well he's accused in three separate cases.
0	but you know a lot is unclear.
0	you might recognize the name kimberly dozier.
0	they continue to beef up those forces.
0	so what is this thing called love?
0	and does she know how to swim?
0	im neal conan in concord new hampshire.
0	well there's three things that motivate me.
0	mr. vargas is this a geographic issue?
0	one he's going to work on transparency.
0	thompson got laid off a month ago.
0	its manufactured distortions misrepresentations and outright lies.
0	first to the election in this country.
0	theor rather more specifically   the lack thereof.
0	it potentially is a self-reinforcing pattern steve.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and somebody has to pay for them.
0	it's an incredibly brutal and violent struggle.
0	you're getting a picture of a bear.
0	we dont know what's going to happen.
0	was this based on an actual incident?
0	i think it's a matter of screening.
0	you're responsible for the calls i get.
0	and that would be in basic training.
0	he gave a major speech last night.
0	well margena thank you for coming on.
0	he's saying nice things about john mccain.
0	you know my heart sort of broke.
0	the dispute now is also about politics.
0	we have not taken a strike vote.
0	how much did this get you total?
0	npr's business news begins with hashtag ipo.
0	just based on the impact of summer.
0	well i don't think it's entirely open-ended.
0	not with mitt romney in the race.
0	destruction is not a result he says.
0	but let's hear your take on this.
0	so have you seen these two leaders?
0	right now there's no question she'd win.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and it's not hard to understand why.
0	we want to hear from teachers today.
0	i want to go to another an.
0	she's uncomfortable with her suburban entertainment options.
0	to review step one win $800 million.
0	let's go next to ken in portland.
0	we don't know still   what causes sids.
0	we want to hear from teachers today.
0	they are fleeing for their very lives.
0	you really couldn't be successful without one.
0	not to mention the fast food companies.
0	i mean you're talking about being taunted.
0	this listener question julie is on tape.
0	well for feminists and for black people.
0	today she's cleaning the cemetery's oldest section.
0	you know a variety of different things.
0	one other thing i'd like to ask.
0	but no i haven't actually been there.
0	what how do you compare the two?
0	it's not called the present for nothing.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	raja you were so different from us.
0	their mission was to protect the station.
0	it's often called disneyland of the dead.
0	i get asked that question a lot.
0	and the fire helps them to germinate?
0	the question is what keeps them apart.
0	why are health-care costs growing so fast?
0	what is the prayer that you say?
0	big performers pay about $2 a pouch.
0	airlines are by their nature global businesses.
0	they don't look that great you know?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it only gets to a certain point.
0	i'm going to give you some words.
0	good to have you with us today.
0	npr congressional correspondent scott detrow for us.
0	i think that is a real concern.
0	she knows she's treading a fine line.
0	i just want to take the seeds.
0	she joins us now from new orleans.
0	hearing her talk rhagad starts to cry.
0	can you explain what gbv issues are?
0	i mean she knows what she's doing.
0	and that's why i wrote these stories.
0	good morning for where you are yes.
0	and her answer was shark fin soup.
0	i agree generally with what shibley said.
0	and ruth ruth did an amazing job.
0	there was a great race on that.
0	michel thanks so much for having me.
0	a policy he doesn't exactly agree with.
0	democratic congressional candidates have come to me.
0	well many of the communications are encrypted.
0	so where do they go from here?
0	well except for organic agriculture of course.
0	why you say about 50 years ago.
0	tom berger can you help us out?
0	so that kind i mean there are.
0	you don't see their arm's not missing.
0	and if it doesn't it's something else.
0	are these guys getting a special break?
0	and that's how science works sometimes right?
0	so this one was kind of hard.
0	a day later the obama camp responded.
0	nothing is going to happen to you.
0	and he began to hide his diaries.
0	none of this stuff is top-secret stuff.
0	so i set out to find her.
0	she calls the workout the s factor.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	there will be a lot of questions.
0	you may end up waiting a year.
0	he's been treating patients for 25 years.
0	of course that is the main thing.
0	they make clear they love this country.
0	let's go to sean in stow mass.
0	that's the biggest jump in 34 years.
0	and here's how putin described the meeting.
0	david do you see it that way?
0	there were reports of ruptured gas lines.
0	it's all it's giant ball of gas.
0	ok npr white house correspondent tamara keith.
0	we had everything that we really wanted.
0	there's nobody here yet to go on.
0	and it's not just a philadelphia problem.
0	he's fought for alabama's strict abortion laws.
0	it is not something we take lightly.
0	he says beams is a legend there.
0	but it didn't seem like the flu.
0	she's working as a home health aide.
0	we have alienated the entire islamic world.
0	that compliance and implementation is too expensive.
0	does this race have any broader implications?
0	she still lives near the middle school.
0	i'm lynn neary in for renee montagne.
0	she stands outside the town's grocery store.
0	and we often talk across one another.
0	adrian walker reporter for the boston globe.
0	and lawyers start helping with legal needs.
0	it was so strong at the time.
0	but over many years nothing was helping.
0	well you know that's the far-end projection.
0	it's part of the npr cities project.
0	ray it's always nice talking to you.
0	why is it so important to you?
0	this generation it's all about the interaction.
0	that's what they had threatened to do.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	john dickerson chief political correspondent for slate.
0	i mean the soda is 100% corn.
0	what it's costing the wider helena community?
0	i mean it was just very vivid.
0	he's helping the characters do their actions.
0	zulfikar ali bhutto ruled for several years.
0	you had a group of different people.
0	he was in power for 10 years.
0	so you are the much-maligned government bureaucrat.
0	and he'll say don't boo vote right?
0	jim jordan is a friend of mine.
0	people are having to get second jobs.
0	so it's actually rather difficult for them.
0	then we've mentioned this briefly but naomi?
0	where do we truck it off to?
0	do you wish you could prescribe placebos?
0	calvin says that can present special challenges.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they're vowing to continue their armed   resistance.
0	what congress really has here is leverage.
0	and it's a big day for basketball.
0	what options do the democrats have left?
0	and you could help us do it.
0	well i don't think most people do.
0	so yeah i mean i sold out.
0	it's two different ways of making guns.
0	i'm afraid so i say with concern.
0	welcome back to the program dr. baltimore.
0	well joining me now is hashem akbari.
0	no. to me that's the key distinction.
0	and then similarly you saw governor romney.
0	let's get another caller in from michigan.
0	i've been trying that for 30 years.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	i think the record is pretty clear.
0	it actually may have the opposite effect.
0	i have coffee mixed vegetables orchard crops.
0	they wanted to read about health care.
0	brian what's in your disaster preparedness kit?
0	i'm just here to help you know?
0	but if you remember 2000 he lost.
0	and i guess it is a flip-flop.
0	but recessions don't die of old age.
0	republicans are confident they have the vote.
0	you know that's fairly high concept right?
0	today's topic is diabetes myth or fact?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we have to find the new solutions.
0	i mean you didn't just win it.
0	there's no question it's a modest gesture.
0	we just want it to feel good.
0	like wow she really went crazy today.
0	some folks don't even really hear it.
0	and that's been keeping mark gill busy.
0	i think adrian's point is really well-taken.
0	and it's still doing it right now.
0	and how narrow might that path be?
0	that's a very tough question to answer.
0	but for the most part it's civil.
0	first of all nobody monitors online polls.
0	all that attention to prevention pays off.
0	he's a senior writer at sporting news.
0	again the recently declassified documents are telling.
0	you didn't buy nothing off the shelf.
0	mr. ambassador thanks for being with us.
0	and that's a trickier question to answer.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is todd in oregon city oregon.
0	i think that's a very important key.
0	well when did you go back inside?
0	that's blackwater founder erik prince testifying today.
0	historically they don't they're not big caucus-goers.
0	thanks very much for the call bill.
0	you know i think he's been elusive.
0	but the true picture wasn't so pretty.
0	black students had the lowest average scores.
0	and glad to have you with us.
0	sorry i know him as captain kirk.
0	kevyn orr emergency manager for detroit's finances.
0	do you think that you've cheated them?
0	he said he's looking for a job.
0	four of his books are already banned.
0	what's the capital and what's the instrument?
0	click on that submit your answer link.
0	there's always muck just below the surface.
0	a developer put in 18 new houses.
0	when does it become ted strickland's problem?
0	now the area is largely at peace.
0	i can't believe that they're doing this.
0	he's latino and he sells real estate.
0	so no more than 600 words maximum.
0	let's say you bought a ford taurus.
0	so after a summer hiatus it's back.
0	i love your swagger on the show.
0	i think every joke has an ancestor.
0	well mr. bharara made this very public.
0	we'll hear in a moment from colorado.
0	he really doesn't want that for us.
0	but it's basically a very russian piece.
0	such a sluggard never become a slugger.
0	well john good luck getting a job.
0	eventually poeschmann made a run for it.
0	but what's new here is two things.
0	but first the state of american journalism.
0	but can it be a viable business?
0	well there are no great options here.
0	it was not actually quite a record.
0	today we need to re-publicize these documents.
0	you know re-bolt them to the studs.
0	and they could go through some bumps.
0	lou schimmel is michigan's longest-serving emergency manager.
0	religious scholars say that's a long shot.
0	and i sat down to explore that.
0	it's about the success of your family.
0	and this will go to a caller.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	you've got to come out here quick.
0	i we haven't gotten there yet but.
0	do you envy the poor russell banks?
0	here to explain is dr. sydney spiesel.
0	where exactly can you find these lionfish?
0	jeff brady npr news state college pennsylvania.
0	there are 5,000 new wells in pennsylvania.
0	by the motion and the charged particles.
0	when i started there was no counterculture.
0	thanks very much for the call walt.
0	i lean far side of the left.
0	protests have erupted in poland this week.
0	you helped define ponzi scheme for us.
0	but the botched dive taught her something.
0	now she thinks that was a mistake.
0	they're getting record prices for the commodities.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	exactly and soybeans agricultural commodities as well.
0	she actually says she's losing her house.
0	i mean they're talking about electronic data.
0	the u.s. is moving its embassy right?
0	but harold has the answer for us.
0	anytime there's friendly fire it's a tragedy.
0	it was a real honor meeting you.
0	just lead them safely to the light.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	these are sliced like potato chips basically.
0	magma and could it pop up someplace?
0	there it depends on who you ask.
0	good luck to you and your cats.
0	that's the reality of the whole thing.
0	how do you cope with all that?
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	she's a reporter with the acadiana advocate.
0	the suspect is still in us custody.
0	in this case hundreds of just-noticeable earthquakes.
0	i think people want the laws enforced.
0	npr white house correspondent scott horsley reports.
0	here's npr's jeff brady with his profile.
0	to do so would have unleashed boycotts.
0	well he's a lot more than that.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	so they should not be restricting calories.
0	so until we meet again that's letters.
0	okay let's go a little lighter now.
0	i read two biographies on jimi hendrix.
0	he's wearing his great-grandmother's 96-year-old graduation gown.
0	and it had a high diving board.
0	do you learn something from these games?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this time she's at a community college.
0	ellis you are shareef's eldest brother correct?
0	just quickly i love that word: anonymize.
0	and your video is just beautiful right?
0	how does saranac distinguish their pumpkin ale?
0	and there's so many other options now.
0	but the reality i see is different.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. topol.
0	eric thanks so much for explaining it.
0	let's bring another voice into the conversation.
0	i mean he is a formidable guy.
0	this is well before the iowa caucuses.
0	we're going to have to do it.
0	then you heard another pop pop pop.
0	his research appears in the china quarterly.
0	and   we thank her for her time.
0	could this be part of that too?
0	forty-nine point five million pounds of guacamole.
0	once again he was accused of treason.
0	thanks for coming on all things considered.
0	kevin thanks very much for the call.
0	when i remember it i go crying.
0	uma thurman was in the last one.
0	you know i have to be honest.
0	they are each suffering in some way.
0	he was never charged in the case.
0	that's where this concern is most prevalent.
0	there are not so many such voters.
0	he is already planning his next move.
0	indeed more companies are taking similar steps.
0	this year the team is 19 strong.
0	mubarak left but we still have mubarakism.
0	we picked up a seat on minnesota.
0	before long they offered him a job.
0	without it the cooling system is inoperable.
0	she will soon be in the workforce.
0	he's credited with designing the medicare program.
0	i think after 2008 i will stop.
0	i think that that's a question mark?
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	bonnet's customer nina ruland understands that worry.
0	and is everybody home at this point?
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	they did have places to meet today.
0	chideya seemed to genuinely welcome the senator.
0	did anybody explain what was going on?
0	let me set this up for you.
0	but something happened after world war ii.
0	no he kind of blew it off.
0	carol thanks very much and good luck.
0	jason moran you're laughing at that but.
0	i'm alex chadwick on day to day.
0	i go to a lot of schools.
0	this isn't the end of something here.
0	this year it's republican votes that'll count.
0	but then came the recent housing bust.
0	i said they will not reverse it.
0	i applied for at least 25 jobs.
0	it's in the coastal province near latakia.
0	well we talked about humanity didn't we?
0	she had already gotten a judicial bypass.
0	is that what you were aiming for?
0	well eric leonard happy thanksgiving to you.
0	or do you have it another day?
0	she says she's going to fight on.
0	and luckily he was with a partner.
0	at this point what's likely to happen?
0	and it will choose peace or war.
0	she's now you know back at work.
0	she's voting for honda but she says.
0	here's author meg wolitzer with a review.
0	i thought the answer was barack pobama.
0	so they got a lawyer for him.
0	like it just seems ridiculous to me.
0	thanks very much for the call josh.
0	but these kids have to start writing.
0	when she was 16 her father died.
0	let these kids have a good time.
0	you can tell when you're getting close.
0	he's doing a lot better tremendously better.
0	our village was hard hit she recalls.
0	terry thanks very much for the call.
0	it happens with foreign languages doesn't it?
0	and what was that new one coming.
0	learning chinese isn't that hard you know?
0	where did he get it for starters?
0	yeah i still am filled with hope.
0	i was a product of affirmative action.
0	she   also got about $14,000 from fema.
0	among them is becca   vanderforth of biloxi.
0	this is the palace of the elves.
0	i'm getting ready to go to iraq.
0	well billy blanks thank you so much.
0	he described the london attack as horrific.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	richard thanks very much for the call.
0	well i like one of the answers.
0	all right i needed a new t-shirt.
0	when we think about issues like this.
0	he's been around since around 2000 thereabouts.
0	well i think it's a human thing.
0	and again thunderous applause at that point.
0	do they have a plan for that?
0	we've got a database of sex workers.
0	i mean they've got good dogs too.
0	you can find our recipe at npr.
0	as i mentioned she was home secretary.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	so i read lots of people globally.
0	so you need to run more experiments?
0	shah says despite hearing more about outbreaks.
0	you don't get it from your father.
0	we just have a few seconds left.
0	we went to the living learning center.
0	china he said wants to change that.
0	and nih supplies most of the budget.
0	he carried on very much the same.
0	james copnall of the bbc in abidjan.
0	another 8 percent were convinced they do.
0	i do because they represent wealthy americans.
0	who's doing the driving you or sekai?
0	you know it is a flawed justice.
0	but that's sort of a big picture.
0	meaning that they're half-built at this point.
0	and she's a incredible singer as well.
0	insurance is provided through a market system.
0	thanks very much for the call tino.
0	what you did was just exemplary honestly.
0	i mean that's a needle to thread.
0	she wasn't really his niece mary louise.
0	the   other man has a tapered afro.
0	fouad ajami let's turn that to you.
0	ivan watson npr news ein abel lebanon.
0	so duncan let me follow up here.
0	courtney welcome to talk of the nation.
0	java was largely spared by that tsunami.
0	there's a lot of jockeying for time.
0	we have never won a federal race.
0	well and one thing you can do.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	from member station wnyc beth fertig reports.
0	they're guessing what other people think's electable.
0	u.s. customs officials told them to wait.
0	i just haven't done that homework yet.
0	and ironically this has made things worse.
0	you know there's very different agendas here.
0	in 2007 how much did students spend?
0	multiple millions of dollars put into technology.
0	however you know i still have goals.
0	is that his photograph on your phone?
0	rock climbers are once again scaling cliffs.
0	civil unions are the way to go.
0	the landfill is right in our backyard.
0	that's npr's peter kenyon reporting from istanbul.
0	you wrote this paper in law school?
0	they really lack that element of responsibility.
0	what kinds of precautions do you take?
0	lamontagne is usually lamontagne is usually harder.
0	i really was curious about the architecture.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	and i thought well one last hurrah.
0	i mean not much there to do.
0	and you have to talk about it.
0	all right thanks for your call pavel.
0	so it's an escalation on both sides.
0	we're discussing recovery after traumatic brain injury.
0	and also it means that it's free.
0	let's go next to this is terry.
0	it's the name that   means twin plants.
0	i think you'd really dig this record.
0	that is now expected on october 11.
0	how many people actually participate in this?
0	he never made a move to enter.
0	npr's mandalit del barco has his story.
0	could you describe what it was like?
0	there are a lot of agonizing choices.
0	so it would be good for him.
0	i work in a child care center.
0	and they are largely mundane science discussions.
0	but we'll hear more about that later.
0	i said well can't you stop it?
0	it's a nervous breakdown of of lebanon.
0	what are your thoughts on his legacy?
0	and the new parachutes are quite different.
0	noah adams npr news fayetteville west virginia.
0	i'm just a curious person by nature.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	what have you seen that surprised you?
0	it just depends on where you are.
0	today the same havana intersection is changing.
0	or is it too late for that?
0	and both of these companies are leaders.
0	here's part of the tape they played.
0	the music of the maghreb is intoxicating.
0	sure i'm a fan of stevie nicks.
0	that game in november raised $40,000 alone.
0	coach dan benjamin spoke at that gathering.
0	that is now not going to happen.
0	fear things they do to the women.
0	so they claim to be representing them.
0	this is not about reducing the deficit.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and memphis mayor a.c. wharton is delighted.
0	it surprised me enormously about dave petraeus.
0	i think he rather enjoys being president.
0	and all i was saying was hello.
0	the drugstores are   closed transportation is down.
0	so it was always like just contemplative.
0	it's just not a priority right now.
0	he likes the way ballet dancers move.
0	she wants more police presence not less.
0	you can go into the front door.
0	so i have to see him again.
0	the outlying areas have got significant challenges.
0	so i would like to be hopeful.
0	they're adopted maybe or no records exist.
0	but they might try saying sorry anyway.
0	and again i couldn't close this book.
0	did you see that with these babies?
0	and we've had very conservative constitutional scholars.
0	it has they say over 10,000 apps.
0	tell us what you do in gaylordsville.
0	hundreds of thousands have been left homeless.
0	so we had suffered some sales losses.
0	we are tired of dealing with things.
0	because the fish are way further north.
0	you have the determination needed to serve.
0	no. no i don't believe in it.
0	well it depends who you talk to.
0	he will call his local barter network.
0	but it has to be done skillfully.
0	it cultivates a certain type of personality.
0	what about reaction from the international community?
0	roger thanks very much for the call.
0	it feels like diplomacy is about concessions.
0	no one really knew what to say.
0	and i have like no storage space.
0	no it was not a terrorist attack.
0	mengestu does both with authority and feeling.
0	i can't believe he just did that.
0	then the replacement plane hit an eagle.
0	i don't know what paul ryan did.
0	that's harvard divinity school professor mark jordan.
0	the first loyalty is to the church.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	but comparably a far more stable situation.
0	and the u.s. takes this very seriously.
0	that christmas suddenly the christmas presents changed.
0	our poetry changed and her poetry changed.
0	guzman from the pacific state of sinaloa.
0	that he was talking about $4 million.
0	and it could've been but it wasn't.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	on one hand the president is right.
0	they can't claim well we didn't know.
0	this shouldn't happen this kind of thing.
0	and it was largely an african-american-inspired culture.
0	translate it into french also three letters.
0	graffiti artists began to work and breakdancing.
0	henry ford believed in it didn't he?
0	the fed has cut its interest rate.
0	well what do you think that's about?
0	roland let me start out with you.
0	we have changed the direction in iraq.
0	they want to get the inside scoop.
0	they placed me into the holding cell.
0	no. it can't be good for us.
0	and they're not you know they're popular.
0	well they have what 49 days left.
0	arun always good to be with you.
0	they're not here begging for a hand-out.
0	you like   to swim in the sea?
0	i   want to make my contribution here.
0	besides he says it's no use resisting.
0	and in honor of your new finding.
0	it was a bonding moment for many.
0	there's like i believe six different soups.
0	i have so much respect for her.
0	the calculations on this were so intricate.
0	so it's not unusual in that regard.
0	sarah fentem of st. louis public radio.
0	the news quickly got its own hashtag.
0	and going back over the last what?
0	so people think that will work here?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	npr's frank langfitt has more from london.
0	it's not a license to cross borders.
0	he's at our bureau in new york.
0	because of u.s. sanctions and other sanctions.
0	you know you see it kind of.
0	state officials expect to receive two bids.
0	now what about on the american side?
0	commentator dick george lives in baldwin maryland.
0	there are a number of russian companies.
0	so you were right in your lead-in.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	the salmon they rely on were disappearing.
0	the death toll could have been higher.
0	they had not ventured outside the barracks.
0	frank i'm gonna have to step away.
0	he's being taunted by kids at school.
0	i mean were you aware of that?
0	he's talking to us today from montana.
0	and not all of them are immigrants.
0	chuck thanks very much for the call.
0	he and senator clinton are almost indistinguishable.
0	has this ever happened before in michigan?
0	most days it's a scruffy little park.
0	that's what we make our reputation on.
0	thanks so much for your time today.
0	you toss it in the recycling bin.
0	i mean teddy had a good forehand.
0	but like scientists they acknowledge those shortcomings.
0	well you've got to be more productive.
0	i had a wonderful time living there.
0	a teenage boy sells camouflaged flack jackets.
0	antoine deneriaz of france won the gold.
0	liz welcome to talk of the nation.
0	overcoming their objections will be a challenge.
0	congresswoman slaughter congratulations after all this time.
0	the mayor will appoint an independent monitor.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	that's 30 nanograms per milliliter of blood.
0	all right so an investigation will proceed.
0	that's probably more than you can absorb.
0	since then the costs have come down.
0	he gave his chair to an elder.
0	how could the stimulus spending help you?
0	i really believe this is the time.
0	we're subjected to it all our lives.
0	now you just said start to deteriorate.
0	the campaign has left a big mark.
0	and matt deitsch is with us now.
0	he also called the sister a whiner.
0	more and more stores are open today.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	the rest nearly 94 percent are latino.
0	no one it would have been wrong.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	how did you arrive at that word?
0	this is going straight to my hips.
0	guns haven't really been debated here before.
0	and also there's a nail spa there.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	thanks so much for being here julia.
0	give us a few examples of that.
0	it might be changes in blood pressure.
0	critic jody rosen has absolutely no idea.
0	you make   your point of view known.
0	sarena moore 44 loved horses and dogs.
0	so she could actually enjoy george's stardom.
0	it doesn't have any effect on academics.
0	jack welcome to talk of the nation.
0	don't forget to go to the fair.
0	it needs evergreens it needs winter interests.
0	and it's about what seven feet tall?
0	let's hear from sharon in portland oregon.
0	hi thanks for taking my call ira.
0	what has border patrol had to say?
0	thanks for very much for the call.
0	tell us about one of those instances.
0	and we're taking your calls at 800-989-talk.
0	renee with us from medina in ohio.
0	he is on the line from london.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	you start with two decks of cards.
0	rich good to talk to you again.
0	he's also on the republican national committee.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	could have send him a dead goose.
0	the marksmen raised their weapons and fired.
0	but here is my question for lebron.
0	they want strong actions to constrain it.
0	he's was 8 years old from guatemala.
0	and so began a career-bending science experiment.
0	blimps obviously have a long hover time.
0	but the second way is through festivals.
0	my grandfather and i were very close.
0	i was scared of the new technology.
0	she's a senior writer for wta insider.
0	that's a website that covers women's tennis.
0	and it's time to play the puzzle.
0	i don't know that they're in   corners.
0	if so how would you describe it?
0	too bad said critics of the bill.
0	ray raphael why do these myths persist?
0	it's going to be within five yards.
0	jared has good days and bad days.
0	they keep on saying to the contrary.
0	i practically kissed him on both cheeks.
0	you need to pick the right peas?
0	we've given them the sense of entitlement.
0	a soldier named mushtaq talib is driving.
0	and that was incredibly moving to me.
0	and i think your paper's a joke.
0	what is he saying to defend himself?
0	you can drop us an email now.
0	how will we get our message out?
0	i'm not sure i got all that.
0	one inhaler that i do is $647.
0	i worked for her many years ago.
0	each of those words is freighted differently.
0	we got this from stewart in minnesota.
0	i've written columns about it as well.
0	oceanographer william sweet is one of them.
0	so let's get down to the basics.
0	we do have treatments for insomnia today.
0	because dave brubeck broke all the rules.
0	what do you think of that term?
0	do you get pumpkins every halloween joanna?
0	morales is classified as a sex offender.
0	fewer cars were coming out of detroit.
0	they have been very aggressive in intervening.
0	it's a very interesting moment interesting theory.
0	two migrant children have died this month.
0	it's great to speak with you governor.
0	and at age 81 he's still driving.
0	they have been very public about this.
0	won't even think about it right now.
0	his north korean counterpart is already there.
0	npr's peter kenyon reports from northern iraq.
0	the horse is both masculine and feminine.
0	hi   you're on talk of the nation.
0	let's quickturn to some of our callers.
0	he's a journalist based in lahore pakistan.
0	in somalia you don't have a government.
0	passengers even get to see a movie.
0	that's nearly two years into his presidency.
0	it was very sad it was stressful.
0	was it hard to get that job?
0	the four appeared voluntarily no subpoenas required.
0	and who are some of those clients?
0	he joined us by phone from kabul.
0	but that's a problem for next week.
0	they just won't be recommended to you.
0	it's business as usual for the inmates.
0	it's just too early in the game.
0	no quid pro quo none of that.
0	he was doing a perfectly competent job.
0	those are both much better known names.
0	i want to ask about that anecdote.
0	but baseball is a game that unfolds.
0	and what should be done with them?
0	to some guys it's home run derby.
0	she has one big advantage over kennedy.
0	so that tends to hold them together.
0	it was a truly pitiful sorrowful assignment.
0	if that's the risk i'll take it.
0	so i think i've figured it out.
0	she told them they would be capable.
0	let's go to dave in kansas city.
0	rubin said that she was in ashraf.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's a good one to end on.
0	his number two tamuk died last year.
0	you have to listen to that song.
0	what are some of tensions that develop?
0	there's absolutely tremendous freedom for young people.
0	and now we're back to square one.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	and that's because of how they work.
0	and i think that might be useful.
0	but i'm not sure that anything does.
0	does he really speak for this president?
0	at the tulsa state fair yes sir.
0	yeah you hear so much about hotdogs.
0	well joining us now is andy kohut.
0	but they survive on funding you know?
0	kevin's calling us from charlotte north carolina.
0	tom paine got paid for his newspapers.
0	and asked that the contract be reconsidered.
0	he left the train there completely unattended.
0	i would say no that also seems.
0	let's get another listener on the line.
0	he talked about it on fox news.
0	got to have milk in the fridge.
0	they want to   maintain a certain independence.
0	but he did he made this ad.
0	you know it's interesting you say that.
0	but the president didn't talk about that.
0	what should we put our faith in?
0	i mean   i don't think it will.
0	professor jacobs was that a successful campaign?
0	well jill thank you for the call.
0	joining us now is dr. norman rosenthal.
0	tiger will be back in many respects.
0	we have documented the decrease in ice.
0	it lost about $2.8 trillion in value.
0	that prompted an investigation by the fcc.
0	he died today at 80 years old.
0	every hour you hear that incoming flight.
0	but i'm trying to think here scott.
0	so she's always been the presumptive choice.
0	i mean we wish it wouldn't happen.
0	well these are sort of sleazy behaviors.
0	local government health clinics are in shambles.
0	it's the missing link in today's society.
0	when you put your gas on the.
0	he might just go back to london.
0	and his name seemed kind of familiar.
0	grant blankenship reports from georgia public broadcasting.
0	we have a lot of work ahead.
0	well it really remains to be seen.
0	so brian will win a fabulous prize.
0	thank you very much for doing this.
0	surf over to our site at sciencefriday.
0	well what do i have to do?
0	steve higgins knows every nip and tuck.
0	tsvangirai said he doesn't want a runoff.
0	most agree that we're in a recession.
0	sounds a little like valium doesn't it?
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and of course i was sneaking drinks.
0	what's out there to back this up?
0	so what are the other ground rules?
0	can you tell me where you traveled?
0	and darfur is back in the news.
0	do i call you timothy or tim?
0	she was absolutely well taken   care of.
0	that's what you have to be careful.
0	shankar thanks so much for explaining it.
0	i mean what's the government there saying?
0	we know what to do about this.
0	the president's defenders kept a lower profile.
0	what would the likely fallout be then?
0	i have not right to say this.
0	there do seem to be other advantages.
0	saved by the bell: the new class.
0	it's the literary equivalent of reality tv.
0	but they could not close the deal.
0	john thanks very much for the call.
0	but that's the weird thing about advertising.
0	we've been friends for a long time.
0	secretary rumsfeld then flew on to vietnam.
0	there are children out who are playing.
0	gentlemen thank you so much and welcome.
0	and again there were several more fatalities.
0	but he's kind of a crass billionaire.
0	he's here to talk more about it.
0	you know what we're talking about correct?
0	energy is required to create the electricity.
0	trying to stop the trade is messy.
0	we're talking about folkways smithsonian folkways records.
0	the showrunners are robert and michelle king.
0	yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
0	it wasn't nothing was given to you.
0	so it's really the two classes there.
0	it's very similar to a winston churchill.
0	his father told the speaker he's sneezing.
0	well i initially was stationed in korea.
0	what do you think is going on?
0	i'm sleeping in the office this year.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they basically see it a little differently.
0	all i wanted was a station wagon.
0	heim died late last month of cancer.
0	so we're going to try this together.
0	which was pretty much the same thing.
0	it's a   very sad time for us.
0	but that doesn't mean they didn't happen.
0	you put a rack on the top.
0	a lot of them are musically talented.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	kenny nice to have you with us.
0	many of our fighters quit he said.
0	both of these candidates are fully pro-choice.
0	mr. erlanger could it be that simple?
0	but it was all inside the mouth.
0	we're going to do something with him.
0	ari shapiro npr news the white house.
0	and he called this woman miss piggy.
0	it's known as the forehand wrist flip.
0	sand land-filled you know lake or something.
0	and i will not justify her comments.
0	even the country's budget is in question.
0	so who was more at fault there?
0	it just doesn't in sahara it rains.
0	a dollar-50 so that leaves 50 cents.
0	remarks that the president made while campaigning.
0	for npr news i'm meg luther lindholm.
0	you cannot allocate the sources as needed.
0	murdoch made clear he wouldn't do it.
0	and they're the last three open champions.
0	he says he's probably going with mccain.
0	it's not about covering up a mistake.
0	let's try beth in columbus south carolina.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	i don't think it was at all.
0	john welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he also said he needed the break.
0	yeah no i agree with david completely.
0	karada has become a very nice area.
0	how much higher can interest rates go?
0	i see about eight guys working here.
0	these tiny diamond radios are really tough.
0	among them was california democrat bob filner.
0	what happened to personal responsibility and accountability?
0	perhaps free parking at a metro lot.
0	let's go to jenny in silver spring.
0	exhibit andyes an exhibit and a documentary.
0	so we broke the numbers in hungary.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	oh thanks so much for having me.
0	the jury is very much still out.
0	but they're being pushed out there too.
0	one is to become secretary of state.
0	let's discuss the following it's more assertive.
0	same might be said of the economy.
0	to learn more we called bill milani.
0	what do you think is next tommy?
0	but prospects are dim for their return.
0	he thinks in terms of imposing pain.
0	another key takeaway is that representation matters.
0	tell us a little bit about him.
0	brandi had always been careful and conscientious.
0	the midterm elections are four months away.
0	there's all kinds of grand aspirations there.
0	last night i was listening to chic.
0	the man talked to several different people.
0	everything since sunday's been pretty sickening so.
0	by mid-semester they had both dropped out.
0	four hundred and twenty-five dollars a month.
0	puerto rico is in bad financial shape.
0	he joined us from the studios there.
0	like the panic of that happening again.
0	good to have you both with us.
0	chauvin says people here need this relief.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	chung says immigrant families are particularly vulnerable.
0	well 21st century foundation is quite unique.
0	our congregation's an older congregation aging dying.
0	he had given the mayor an opportunity.
0	i visited one prison called ciudad barrios.
0	so far gop leaders have not blinked.
0	it will not let the water cross.
0	scott cleland is the chairman of netcompetition.
0	look at what we're doing in syria.
0	so you are of the e-mail generation.
0	i'm going to start streaming us live.
0	and president mugabe is certainly under pressure.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	jill dutt hang on just a minute.
0	very enthusiastically let's put it that way.
0	so but they are really both there.
0	you're on one side of this war.
0	so what was it like for you?
0	yeah and but i'm a little aggravated.
0	and so they had this strong relationship.
0	that is still very much in evidence.
0	hello thank you for taking my call.
0	everything i did i got better at.
0	what else is he talking about there?
0	there's no obvious front-runner in either party.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	i think the caller is exactly right.
0	ferguson says after nasa mothballs the shuttle.
0	in washington the january 1st deadline looms.
0	that cd is called beyond the wall.
0	and you know you can see why.
0	do you ever worry about getting hurt?
0	and that could bring relief to firefighters.
0	do they make money off of them?
0	you know it's about the person struggling.
0	so there's always that give and take.
0	and it seemed like everyone knew me.
0	but the same breath well never mind.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	that's why i have my gray hair.
0	and we'll try stay away from spoilers.
0	and are we going to be alone?
0	can i really get health care coverage?
0	one is a visa waiver program change.
0	it's also about trying to just understand.
0	it's just a cut through the peninsula.
0	reporter alexandra starr she covers usa gymnastics.
0	and they did a nice a job.
0	on wednesdays we focus on the workplace.
0	sure you know that's a great question.
0	i did a guitar case for him.
0	i was removed from class that day.
0	that's when he was apprehended without incident.
0	her job took up mornings and evenings.
0	a few years later the recession hit.
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	i feel like i'm not doing enough.
0	your intelligence agency has links with militants.
0	people talk about feeling better within hours.
0	i mean it's a really remarkable finding.
0	it is that massive for leicester city.
0	when we left that was the count.
0	and here's an email question for ken.
0	it's a big loss for school districts.
0	we love to hear that you're members.
0	they can put in jeopardy intelligence sources.
0	you can hear all of their accents.
0	have you seen some of the films?
0	he was there every saturday and sunday.
0	the hunting's been done for us right?
0	it was just a few at first.
0	and i thought you know that's great.
0	they're trapped at the moment before death.
0	much of it crumbles into small pieces.
0	can i ask about the big four?
0	which was his room do you think?
0	the holy ghost of alice coltrane's heart.
0	has that affected the situation at all?
0	we both have a couple of drinks.
0	and we've become so dependent on it.
0	let's not put boots on the ground.
0	maybe i could get away with it.
0	you were a part of that change.
0	have people reacted to this so far?
0	but this was occurring in other cities.
0	there were 33 african-americans who were killed.
0	it's really spreading throughout all of kenya.
0	and that sort of feeds upon itself.
0	and sarah brown thanks also to you.
0	well it's not language i would use.
0	we were losing 750,000 jobs a month.
0	our young servicemen were in deadly danger.
0	yes but it's more complicated than that.
0	they took it all out of mine.
0	and he sort of showed me around.
0	they're not doing this because they're mean.
0	the city is coming back big time.
0	now it sounds like a dentist's tool.
0	but president obama is very rhetorically skilled.
0	but most people take it in stride.
0	and it was a very emotional experience.
0	matt long is now retired from firefighting.
0	what does it mean for those games?
0	mike shuster can you help us out?
0	there's a case in your book of.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	it say before i die in english.
0	you talk to them you interview them.
0	it's safe to say this now yeah.
0	there's a funny little postscript to this.
0	but i still i still have hope.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. white.
0	the first is from npr's kim masters.
0	wendling has one other job as well.
0	what's the intended audience for that message?
0	it's happened to me not too fun.
0	boy i don't know what to say.
0	so that tells me that i'm healing.
0	complaints burst on to social media platforms.
0	he'd never experienced anything remotely like it.
0	drew westen thanks for your time today.
0	it's like it's almost like a powerhouse.
0	and who you trusted more as commander-in-chief.
0	this is from maggie in decorah iowa.
0	and santos says colombia must change too.
0	i think that's what goes on inside.
0	any tips for dealing with tax concerns?
0	it provides an arena for his rehabilitation.
0	but there definitely will be some delay.
0	people don't really talk about it enough.
0	do you purchase it when you can?
0	did your research reveal anything like that?
0	who do you   see as your competition?
0	how are you handling all this publicity?
0	dick thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks so much for you call joe.
0	well don't you even say good night?
0	i knew you were a prison guard.
0	she's a beautiful woman in her fifties.
0	and you'd think everyone would be thrilled.
0	thank you neal thanks for having me.
0	now here we are a year later.
0	whatever you do never ever fight back.
0	and they mainly eat fish and krill.
0	who claimed to speak for young people.
0	i've got a question for the mayor.
0	and he didn't he never knew it.
0	the airport was down to one runway.
0	soccer is grace beauty speed and stamina.
0	i don't consider that a problem though.
0	he's now working for a defense contractor.
0	npr pentagon correspondent tom bowman thanks much.
0	i like being called a new anything.
0	how did the storm change your life?
0	a last blunt question for both you.
0	i want to go to new orleans.
0	but that remaining 5 percent is huge.
0	it's going to be a tough sell.
0	thanks very much for the call ryan.
0	what does the government want in return?
0	we are not investing for the future.
0	adam davidson is npr's international economics correspondent.
0	i was 8 though when i auditioned.
0	you know i asked them that myself.
0	the white house finally did answer sen.
0	that's not how it's supposed to be.
0	what are you expecting from that farai?
0	they'll be able to cross state lines.
0	it   connects the caspian and mediterranean seas.
0	in other words get your hustle on.
0	so take a listen to usama canon.
0	we went to the same college together.
0	so these technologies typically start out unaffordable.
0	but one wild thing is missing: fire.
0	but it shouldn't be normal he says.
0	and it's fun to poke around there.
0	the second example is even more telling.
0	jordie has autism and he doesn't speak.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and let's begin with this from bill.
0	well charles i hope you walk safely.
0	well but you're raising an interesting point.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	but then they'll have to keep talking.
0	but the video does not show that.
0	so there are some specifics in here.
0	you can also drop us an email.
0	well how did you react to that?
0	we had i guess some dark moments.
0	i'm not the one who did this.
0	they've actually got two of these rulers.
0	without jazz there would be no hip-hop.
0	and solid fats and things like that.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	we're about opposing the expansion of slavery.
0	that's nicole winfield with the associated press.
0	a video of the haircut went viral.
0	so we'll see how long this lasts.
0	we appreciate her time with us today.
0	you'll vote as a right-end for whom?
0	and this is on the democratic line.
0	see people think oh they're so conservative.
0	are there other iraqis in boise idaho?
0	can you tell us about enrico chapela?
0	he was an indonesian from another island.
0	from member station whyy here's joel rose.
0	and does it make people feel safer?
0	they won last night by 25 points.
0	there's a chance that we could have.
0	the same should be true for children.
0	it's not them it's you you know.
0	and she says the photos are dazzling.
0	sanders spoke after the new hampshire primary.
0	hondurans are choosing a new president today.
0	corporations get to pick the arbitration provider.
0	seriously i don't know anybody spending $5,000.
0	michelle goldberg welcome to you as well.
0	why are schools so bad at this?
0	the choice is yours and yours alone.
0	we do not know who wrote those.
0	these were people who lived for art.
0	so it would have some protective effect.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	and he was in terrible terrible pain.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	and the patriots are the same thing.
0	anyway we thank him for his call.
0	so you're looking for a big toe.
0	and that's what's going to happen now.
0	since then 50 years he's been silent.
0	and the markets like what they hear.
0	flora is our producer for digital media.
0	we can't talk over each other guys.
0	you know i wanted to hammer stuff.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	part of easy's attraction is his humanity.
0	so what can we expect for 2007?
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	catherine we wish your son good luck.
0	really that's what the case is about.
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	you need a ticket apart from that.
0	here's an email we have from andres.
0	i would find that very very surprising.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	it ran its first super bowl ad.
0	so i welcome them to the table.
0	the issue was is there an overrepresentation?
0	and that's not the case these days.
0	and let's see let's listen to that.
0	thats why the book is a classic.
0	salinger transformed the short story in america.
0	i mean that would be the ideal.
0	next we're heading not to funky town.
0	npr was actually fair to sarah palin.
0	she is awesome and horrible and repulsive.
0	you'll name something people try to avoid.
0	how are you doing a year later?
0	mara liasson is npr's national political correspondent.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	i love pakistan with all my heart.
0	or you and i might be traveling.
0	we think that's good for job creation.
0	but again it's not just the receiver.
0	the importance really is symbolic and psychological.
0	well no. it is definitely an offensive.
0	he's more in the two-billion second range.
0	it's hard to imagine continuing without him.
0	so it was just a magnificent setting.
0	so i think it will be close.
0	and then what did you do next?
0	that's not the   point of our series.
0	cutlery what word is hidden in you?
0	i'm going to tell you this one.
0	it turned out to have been   wrong.
0	of course we've heard about michael jackson.
0	and they and it will be missed.
0	are we victims of our own color?
0	how much power do church elders have?
0	will we see more action like this?
0	john dickerson chief political writer for slate.
0	he's an author and a political commentator.
0	i'm like a support system to them.
0	you know he's doing my worst category.
0	would that money go to public transportation?
0	he says h1n1 rates are currently low.
0	do you believe   that that is fair?
0	we're dispelling a myth all these years.
0	here's an email from shannon in oregon.
0	quiet person somebody who seeks the limelight.
0	the big companies did their breeding in-house.
0	angela shelton and frances callier are frangela.
0	nobody wanted to be out there alone.
0	i went today to washington crossing park.
0	terry what do you want to sing?
0	does that speak to who you are?
0	now let's get blair on the line.
0	i don't mean to cut you off.
0	are people pleased with their choice then?
0	one of them was republican roy mcdonald.
0	castration never ceases to threaten football players.
0	texas public radio's reynaldo leanos jr. reports.
0	tell us a little bit about her.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	i mean we're born with original sin.
0	got this little wild alaskan grill started.
0	and there's another interesting phenomenon happening here.
0	i have attempted to tell the story.
0	we're talking four points at the most.
0	it turns out there was no weapon.
0	writing was not always dickey's first love.
0	is this an attack on your legacy?
0	they're not quite sure it's even constitutional.
0	rachel myrow of member station kpcc reports.
0	that's up 3,000 workers from last year.
0	their listeners were worried about relatives here.
0	who did this as best anyone knows?
0	in it they documented serious medical neglect.
0	we call that leading a blink lifestyle.
0	i'm looking down along the egypt-gaza border.
0	and most importantly i love your show.
0	typically what kind of job is it?
0	she had just come from the gym.
0	that's senate democrat dick durbin of illinois.
0	you had the occupy wall street crowd.
0	it's a congregation that is called reconstructionist.
0	i would say make really nice breakfasts.
0	without pain would we know great joy?
0	but those rene balcer that's good stuff.
0	i'm not saying she'll lose the nomination.
0	well brian continued good luck to you.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	you've been on the hill all week.
0	i mean i go into prisons here.
0	and you don't you don't need to.
0	well thanks very much for the call.
0	of them three are from western europe.
0	number one remember the importance of joy.
0	joel rising welcome to day to day.
0	you have a house that's partway built.
0	so we appreciate what you guys do.
0	the united states is seven per thousand.
0	that to me is not an insult.
0	tobi lakes the man with the ears.
0	wow did washington get that one wrong.
0	just stuffed animals a lot of them.
0	and my wife's family are in pennsylvania.
0	so there are a lot of things.
0	or you can send us an e-mail.
0	so we really do take that seriously.
0	steve i see you shaking your head.
0	well actually that was the surprising thing.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	i wonder is that what you think?
0	and so this means they cannot refinance.
0	how do you make sense of this?
0	and he wasn't having any of it.
0	so how did this start for you?
0	what kind of a dancer is he?
0	and the problem is it falls apart.
0	annie murphy joined us from lima peru.
0	again being president is a different game.
0	why were muslims so offended by it?
0	i hope they will be here soon.
0	one is obviously the is islamic state.
0	one word describes how it got there.
0	but he says it is a necessity.
0	i don't know did anyone have concussions?
0	well i don't know about that steve.
0	and so we talked quite a bit.
0	it might be a little too realistic.
0	he's not getting anything done on policy.
0	and i've been listening to reader reaction.
0	these things have happened before and periodically.
0	my brothers and i had an act.
0	so you know there are u.s. researchers.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	if so that would explain a lot.
0	first they choose a young video guide.
0	it's so quiet in terms of crime.
0	you can use it in a flan.
0	ed robinson doesn't like it at all.
0	this week we go shopping for televisions.
0	one of my brothers just died recently.
0	those strategies generally don't work very well.
0	and rob malley we'll start with you.
0	she asked would i be recognized there?
0	they generally win the turn out war.
0	we have to put lines in you.
0	do you want   chocolate milk or water?
0	and there's no short-term solutions at all.
0	so he has ticked up a bit.
0	a billion and a half roughly roughly.
0	known for these kind of wacky comedies.
0	it's like sunday in the united states.
0	there was a sort of celebratory mood.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	brian jenkins as always thanks very much.
0	and there's nothing that's happened since then.
0	let me tell you about the beer.
0	steve thanks very much for the call.
0	dev patel joins us from npr west.
0	one is a felon still on probation.
0	and i say that you know tongue-in-cheek.
0	the russians responded with their own sanctions.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	and i think they're easily actually overcome.
0	do you think he has that experience?
0	what do you say to that accusation?
0	there won't really be any spontaneity there.
0	they want to get the major deal.
0	but in the meantime you're still there.
0	senator meaning jack reed and carl levin.
0	revolutionary guards altogether are about 150,000 troops.
0	the blast could be heard for miles.
0	one of them was captain chris aire.
0	our next guest is congressman dave schweikert.
0	each cube is split diagonally in half.
0	they haven't been taken out of context.
0	you've described camp five and camp six.
0	so we'll see what the future holds.
0	and how many people we're talking about?
0	welcome back to science friday dr. berwick.
0	click on that submit your answer link.
0	sam's club faces tough competition from costco.
0	and marco takes this investigation very seriously.
0	they have very good vehicles coming out.
0	and joining us now is luis zayas.
0	and one of them was sb 1070.
0	what will it be raised to nationally?
0	his workmates cluck he looks so handsome.
0	from member station kpbs andrew phelps reports.
0	protests started there about six weeks ago.
0	it's not just general motors and nissan.
0	we went on to talk about afghanistan.
0	let's go to dan in fort lauderdale.
0	we are talking about latinas at risk.
0	what happens if you actually have sex?
0	for a saturday night it's hauntingly still.
0	and when it's bad it's really hard.
0	we'll be following your research dr. sticklen.
0	how unwelcome are those questions donna brazile?
0	secretary azar welcome to all things considered.
0	well i'm paying social security on them.
0	olson has never been to new orleans.
0	and good surfing today to you sir.
0	that group includes about 3,000 foreign students.
0	well what you get is worse quality.
0	that makes h.m. unique in science today.
0	can you do   it without doing that?
0	oh my goodness absolutely without a doubt.
0	let's try josh in oklahoma city oklahoma.
0	did that model hold up last night?
0	but my big major beef was baseball.
0	let me bring jelani into the conversation.
0	sugar cane uses half of the fertilizer.
0	get my hardhat and my safety glasses.
0	blake thanks very much for the call.
0	as i say all public transport closed.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but i hope they will be reasonable.
0	this is a powerful moment in history.
0	i think you're going to need both.
0	let's go to maggie in stanford connecticut.
0	and it's not just the baseball players.
0	but that optimism seems so long ago.
0	street kids arrived and joined the fight.
0	what does this all add up to?
0	wisconsin ought to be in his wheelhouse.
0	she co-hosts the invisibilia podcast on npr.
0	so that's something really important to watch.
0	lots of information is continuously being transmitted.
0	do you mind if i ask you?
0	so why did he join this cause?
0	there's that time when children are pre-verbal.
0	she says she understands arnold roth's pain.
0	so it's a very desperate situation there.
0	and we'd like to talk to you.
0	this has been a long time brewing.
0	the big story of course is iraq.
0	i mean they've hit 10 home runs.
0	do you get that a lot emily?
0	my experience limits its use to gamers.
0	her diapers alone would break us financially.
0	so you get our no prize today.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	well scott it's a great story nonetheless.
0	this was a post-reform a post-watergate reform.
0	and her nurses are just as astute.
0	berlusconi is very is a populist 2.0.
0	let's go to brad from alexandria virginia.
0	ken rudin is back our political junkie.
0	how can he poke fun at it?
0	stuart calling us from easton in pennsylvania.
0	she's looking forward to learning to ride.
0	i sat in with zac brown band.
0	markie chose fa short for freakin' angel.
0	she ended up living in a car.
0	but it wasn't always that way right?
0	somewhat surprisingly the post office accepted it.
0	marcy with us from creston in iowa.
0	i just got to get to her.
0	i agree with the bartender who diana.
0	let's hope it was a plastic bottle.
0	had a nice time on your vacation?
0	and they know the texture of life.
0	so you call them non-union auto plants.
0	yesterday's voice was that of iggy pop.
0	i weigh once a week you know.
0	and we don't even have a tailpipe.
0	let's take one last caller on this.
0	that's jimmy grey jr. in chardon ohio.
0	this is the warrantless program in february.
0	it's more about personal characteristics and qualities.
0	but basically people around me accept it.
0	deputy brad garafola's funeral is this afternoon.
0	nice of you to come in today.
0	dna evidence cleared him just last year.
0	amy thank you so much for calling.
0	it can be government-owned hospitals private nonprofit.
0	more than 70 students and teachers died.
0	and they will be all in jail.
0	he was a very mellow beautiful man.
0	how will this change bush administration policy?
0	eleanor beardsley sends this postcard from paris.
0	i have never spoken to barbra streisand.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it's been a great lot of fun.
0	austin is a very very beautiful city.
0	welcome to talk of the nation jennifer.
0	it's been done for hundreds of years.
0	lou lantner thinks he has the answer.
0	you know that children see what's real.
0	so there are no anomalies no surprises.
0	so let me ask you this question.
0	your crime novel readers know her name.
0	so essentially they got a zero answer.
0	the baltic states are really quite defenseless.
0	and my grandfather's name is quite unusual.
0	right now time for the opinion page.
0	or david is it wide open again?
0	beau hodai on the sunshine law part?
0	it's good to talk to you lulu.
0	never missed a day on the court.
0	and what are some of the courses?
0	margaret thanks very much for the call.
0	other kids turn into mini-adults it seems.
0	we talked to some con ed guys.
0	and i never really got into that.
0	are you doing a lot of shopping?
0	here's an experiment i'm going to do.
0	now you know i think that i'm.
0	but if you look chapter 11 works.
0	opponent has an 18-count indictment against him.
0	butter cinnamon brown sugar and baked apples.
0	it's our country that's at stake here.
0	the senate is a whole other story.
0	and thanks very much for joining us.
0	we knew what building it was in.
0	how long do you plan to stay?
0	technology should not abrogate our constitutional protections.
0	two of my brothers died didn't they?
0	schuller says he's not retiring but refocusing.
0	grant with us from alameda in california.
0	susan with us from bristol in wisconsin.
0	however you know this isn't a confirmation.
0	it was so satisfying at the time.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the implications system-wide are huge and dangerous.
0	as opposed to writing it last weekend.
0	and joining us puzzle master will shortz.
0	this is science friday i'm ira flatow.
0	randy thanks very much for the call.
0	they went to the police the da.
0	i wish i could convince you otherwise.
0	there's something intangible that's not necessarily formal.
0	it's like john lennon's imagine you know?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we've been waiting for this for years.
0	both mims and decuir entered not-guilty pleas.
0	let me we're running out of time.
0	well i of course have mixed emotions.
0	greg thanks very much for the call.
0	she's renting a house near tampa florida.
0	what is the job of a judge?
0	even here where there are no streets.
0	you mean nothing resulted from your complaints.
0	belarus russia they're arguing there's oil involved.
0	well there are a couple of reasons.
0	she's a toddler reaching for the camera.
0	and it's time now for your letters.
0	those things are just like the bunnies.
0	there was a tremendous amount of confusion.
0	but they were made to be fixable?
0	oh no i think it's still true.
0	and there are a lot of problems.
0	you need to elect us to win.
0	she brought her smartphone and computer and.
0	homeland security grants it's an evolving number.
0	republicans and democrats don't agree on iraq.
0	don't provide safe haven for terrorist groups.
0	well thank you for taking my call.
0	as a matter of fact i did.
0	and we'll find out what this means.
0	he's going to be in kiev tomorrow.
0	this is the age of the internet.
0	this is more like the viking mission.
0	what did he make a big announcement?
0	we live in a free democratic world.
0	this is what this country's all about.
0	thank you for your time today too.
0	you've now enlisted literally in   a crusade.
0	but and it's really revolutionized my job.
0	you said chemical barrels dropped on douma.
0	in england they would call it spots.
0	lieutenant colonel grunow thanks for coming in.
0	but that's not what we told them.
0	i stopped eating after my kidney disease.
0	there are a lot of unanswered questions.
0	yesterday iran inaugurated a new consulate here.
0	toni jennings who was appointed by then-gov.
0	catherine with us from salt lake city.
0	and we don't want an islamic country.
0	this was kind of a tough one.
0	we received over 600 submissions this week.
0	bush is a sideshow in the   story.
0	they're more integrated they use doctors differently.
0	back then he proposed doubling paid leave.
0	and frankly this is a good thing.
0	so maybe this isn't just a fad.
0	and hype is as big as ever.
0	we were born in the democratic party.
0	that's npr's alice fordham in northern iraq.
0	now they work for the american government.
0	you mentioned the u.n. reporting on this.
0	you're talking about narrow   dirt two-lane road.
0	and we were part of that too.
0	but it's just a little bit different.
0	so we've got foreclosures that are skyrocketing.
0	so that meant recording a lot faster.
0	thank you both for having this show.
0	indeed there were golf clubs there too.
0	the americans would learn nothing would happen.
0	but that was only in the beginning.
0	what about the rest of your family?
0	he joins us now from san clemente.
0	so everybody works for that year-end bonus.
0	and in 1994 democrats didn't believe that.
0	for npr news i'm bianca vazquez toness.
0	those cancers are more difficult to treat.
0	university of pennsylvania law professor dorothy roberts.
0	patty with us from orlando in florida.
0	what's he done to up his game?
0	the light began to hurt her eyes.
0	so how have they paid for it?
0	some kind of billboard you know downtown?
0	it's so good to hear you too.
0	and let's get one last caller in.
0	waqaas munir says what they're all thinking.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	so i think that's the natural process.
0	and too much thinking can ruin anything.
0	do you agree with ron walters' assessment?
0	it's like going through a dark forest.
0	and he was in an impossible situation.
0	you pass it you pass it yeah.
0	that appears to on hold for now.
0	the line was out of the door.
0	thank you for being with us today.
0	we think that this is an outrage.
0	locals grow crops during the summer season.
0	because a good sound system is essential.
0	well unfortunately now we really have it.
0	these people wouldn't have given him anything.
0	i mean that's really how they function.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	its 9 a.m. you arrive at work.
0	well you've still got 10 days ago.
0	what does this mean for these comedians?
0	so that's what i usually tell women.
0	people expect them to do very well.
0	we have not yet received a response.
0	always nice to have you with us.
0	i think there's a couple of things.
0	we need to stop it right now.
0	more than a hundred people were killed.
0	another world war could have easily begun.
0	you can give people practice at   that.
0	the extent of that damage remains unclear.
0	but yes it's part of the issue.
0	so they've done it in live mice.
0	that's npr's national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	and i think they didn't emphasize this.
0	you do owe us another 1,000 dollars.
0	trickle-down government you just heard sketchy deal.
0	now the gravity is a different matter.
0	it's very closely connected to saudi arabia.
0	but i'm going to write my memoir.
0	hi neal thanks for taking my call.
0	it was actually started by two converts.
0	go ahead please you're on the air.
0	but somehow it got translated to seven.
0	are they allies of the united states?
0	so what's the situation with your superiors?
0	so you posted your article on slate.
0	and i just i couldn't contain myself.
0	we've all seen his   image on television.
0	this is science friday i'm ira flatow.
0	you know oil is a natural product.
0	here's a radio ad airing in florida.
0	let's turn to republicans for a moment.
0	coming in 2022 a winter world cup.
0	it doesn't get them through the month.
0	no i mean i don't think so.
0	so that is you rate the films.
0	these are people who have died unnaturally.
0	and i'm a very very dogged researcher.
0	all right david thanks for your call.
0	could people lose their jobs over this?
0	he spoke to us from astoria queens.
0	no other party is on that ballot.
0	i recently spoke to him on skype.
0	two   seals then plopped down on him.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	so take some pictures before and after.
0	kids can come play all day long.
0	she was just making up a story.
0	that's what you're hearing from your agents.
0	if not you could lose your deposit.
0	he was let's say in his 70s.
0	i'm afraid i have a different take.
0	i pray that all this is natural.
0	and he joins me now in studio.
0	he talked with us from orlando florida.
0	there are a lot of nasty things.
0	a couple of comments about same-sex   schools.
0	so remind us of last week's challenge.
0	joseph thanks very much for the call.
0	let me get dr. liben in first.
0	and so you don't   get the practice.
0	they call him the child of freedom.
0	i'm steve inskeep with a reality check.
0	and they're like you're not flying today.
0	fewer and fewer convicts have this chance.
0	well i think that's hard to say.
0	he's in new jersey represents new jersey.
0	it's right in front of buddy tucker's.
0	it's just not there anymore you know?
0	and the democrats won a net gain.
0	so we received around 240 correct answers.
0	they were they're pretty good at that.
0	you've been out on the streets today.
0	sharma's organic rice crops are doing well.
0	i mean it was full all day.
0	but mostly it's about raising your spirits.
0	she's an individual who works for herself.
0	and i it's like it happened yesterday.
0	the protesters never heard morsi's courtroom tirades.
0	i think it's a great period piece.
0	they met through an online chat room.
0	they did not get the same amount.
0	and one of those vehicles was football.
0	somehow i think you'll be fine yeah.
0	i think they got some things right.
0	it's dealing with transportation and communications recovery.
0	and the problem is not our values.
0	that is wrong for the national   security.
0	do i not want to come here?
0	they believe my job will come back.
0	she says tawfik is weak from torture.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	joseph anzack jr. was 20 years old.
0	i'm hoping i don't let anyone down.
0	i'd love to be in the study.
0	sunday a holiday the prophet muhammad's birthday.
0	that's a huge chunk of their revenue.
0	brothers and sisters got killed you know?
0	i think we're both probably coolly naughty.
0	ups was one of their biggest clients.
0	you know it's like i'm terribly sorry.
0	the government in afghanistan is very different.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	all transactions that's the beauty of it.
0	the prize is a new audi a4.
0	there's also potential for a rainbow wave.
0	that might be a very good idea.
0	it doesn't have to be that way.
0	he says the cellphones haven't been working.
0	ben thanks so much for joining us.
0	similarly countries will do what they please.
0	president obama spoke about that earlier today.
0	to some extent the record is mixed.
0	this is very much an experimental program.
0	well there is something i didn't know.
0	it's great to hear your reporting now.
0	the obama administration wants to change that.
0	welcome back to our program captain david.
0	they've got a foothold in there already.
0	it actually is in the frontal lobe.
0	that's a great point that bob raises.
0	which says at the moment don't go.
0	but also the senate race in minnesota.
0	sorry i had trouble with your name.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	what can we trust in this country?
0	we have the capability of identifying people.
0	and i think we're seeing that now.
0	that's when a lot of things happened.
0	and this means they're drinking too much.
0	but north idaho at least has changed.
0	we flew in on the mail plane.
0	i might have got a late fee.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	now urban oversees 20 mobile wi-fi hotspots.
0	we don't got much time left so.
0	and they will just follow the law.
0	what do you want to be doing?
0	the clashes left at least 53 dead.
0	and the daily stormer paid for it.
0	so europe has some very big problems.
0	his lawyer brother   deals with legal issues.
0	what should be done to stop them?
0	it would have been a lot easier.
0	the farmers use dangerous amounts of chemicals.
0	and that was fine for gray davis.
0	technically it's called an ovarian reserve test.
0	they're part of the uprising in syria.
0	but paul ryan wants to change that.
0	it was a place with appalling conditions.
0	he joins us from mexico city now.
0	we'll just wait and see i guess.
0	it is a big day in brussels.
0	you make fun of kids with cancer.
0	there are other options that can work.
0	both sets of discussions have proved contentious.
0	that's just the reality of being human.
0	people of the world look at berlin.
0	and some of them are kind about.
0	but here's kobach at the next debate.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	you guys are registered to vote right?
0	oh i'm much more optimistic than that.
0	that's opinion and analysis from dahlia lithwick.
0	let's hear from rick in gay mills.
0	you know it's a knowingly aggressive game.
0	i believe that's bobby's most well-known song.
0	you can write to us at npr.
0	mike welcome to talk of the nation.
0	that this trader allegedly stole $7 billion?
0	doc gooslin had been in the army.
0	there's lots of talk about being gentleman.
0	instead the small loan really helped students.
0	two and a half to three hours.
0	it's gotten measurably worse just since june?
0	so you know and another fictional character.
0	well things get more and more interesting.
0	yeah well that's an open question too.
0	kyle very quickly i mean super quick.
0	you know we can go and argue.
0	angie welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he doesn't make an i am statement.
0	let's go to harlan in rockford illinois.
0	and well he certainly got a point.
0	i was surprised it's scary you know?
0	i've been playing since the early 1990s.
0	you apply the same rule to medicine.
0	i just have to jump in and.
0	teju cole told me he's an enthusiast.
0	i like a lot of the candidates.
0	from member station kqed alex hall reports.
0	that's within the department of homeland security.
0	thank you so much for your call.
0	well actually i work in the city.
0	that's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	wasn't his team in that same competition?
0	i mean your air passages are compromised.
0	we knew the democrats were fired up.
0	actually china's pretty interested in it also.
0	now the next ones are seven letters.
0	lindsey graham's a republican from south carolina.
0	it's the way kids learn says basescu.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	tell us a little bit about yourself.
0	a lot of a lot of negotiations.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	let's go to rebecca in san francisco.
0	and we've also got npr's sylvia poggioli.
0	it's a great tool for personal identification.
0	he had already been defrocked in june.
0	you're just free to do your thing.
0	so we'd like to hear from you.
0	the supervisor says he was merely drunk.
0	these across-the-board cuts in agencies are mindless.
0	now these are not exactly equivalent things.
0	and that is our show for today.
0	that sounds kind of like a message.
0	this feels like a potentially big moment.
0	so i was like you know what?
0	and not just any genetically modified mosquitos.
0	the public comment period closes next tuesday.
0	it's about the interpretation of the rules.
0	they don't want to fight the traffic.
0	ah not quite four in the morning.
0	he's headed out into the monterey bay.
0	there have been battles for three decades.
0	the problem is it's hard to know.
0	sam brownback is a republican of kansas.
0	is that still going on that way?
0	let me begin with you professor carter.
0	is that a real option for pawlenty?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and i think that is very positive.
0	oh i have no idea about that.
0	what are the words of the caution?
0	he's a great family man he's honest.
0	i mean everyone apparently got the joke.
0	yes i'm living out of my car.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	i'm extremely happy as you might imagine.
0	well here's a question from second life.
0	that's the highest point in the city.
0	what is the buzz among athletes there?
0	and he then would take a trip.
0	the list of those issues is long.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	it's what most distilleries made before prohibition.
0	many union officials take issue with that.
0	it's going to take a new president.
0	npr's don gonyea gives us a sampling.
0	and then of course foreclosures as well.
0	just a brief sidebar for mr. negroponte.
0	are we going to feed the somalis?
0	so impose a fee and encourage reuse.
0	not as straightforward as it might seem.
0	but these detectives who you're writing about.
0	but you know you're talking about advice.
0	let's go to the floor right here.
0	cynthia with us from vernon new york.
0	so a lot depends on the president.
0	what is the working definition of pandemic?
0	with sea turtles it's a little easier.
0	good night and godspeed to you all.
0	hi thembi my name is dr. abrams.
0	the syrian regime immediately rejected the plan.
0	how is the government there framing this?
0	nothing to compare it to before that.
0	and you couldn't see the military anywhere.
0	it's looks like the tantrum is escalating.
0	oh don't drive off the road folks.
0	do you think that's what's happening here?
0	this isn't the politics of the moment.
0	i don't really know what he does.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	we're going to shoot her right her.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	the blasphemy law was written in 1965.
0	so let's stick to wet tropical forests.
0	so the mammogram didn't really didn't help.
0	the ads attack santorum's u.s. senate record.
0	he doubts he'll get to move back.
0	i'm sonya and i'm leaving behind prison.
0	when you harvest the basil wash it.
0	i started waiting tables three years ago.
0	i didn't think they went that high.
0	he believes that there was electoral fraud.
0	there was an investigation by yemen's parliament.
0	things like tenure drug avoidance supervisory skills.
0	what did he do well on then?
0	also there's some openings for construction laborers.
0	sondland has been defensive on these texts.
0	thats the mystery the paper is probing.
0	we're going to shut down this magazine.
0	why is huckabee sticking with the race?
0	yes the kennedy brothers ted and robert.
0	i got to know him somewhat well.
0	well thanks very much for the call.
0	ron elving the npr's senior washington editor.
0	ok i want to move on here.
0	he says mingma was quiet but forceful.
0	so we have some more emails here.
0	i also want to thank the president.
0	we put our video up on eepybird.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	how are things going at this point?
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	how did you find that validation now?
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	and full speed ahead on that basis.
0	we can't go inside so we wait.
0	it's nice to be here thank you.
0	he's always been seen as a climber.
0	dhs of course department of homeland security.
0	plus more people are visiting racist websites.
0	one we're leaning in little rural community.
0	not much unlike our north carolina facility.
0	instead call police or the fbi immediately.
0	this is a disappointing day for us.
0	the qualifications meaning somebody with a sheepskin.
0	they get frisked hard by the press.
0	this is elena in berrien springs michigan.
0	where are the survivors being housed there?
0	justice elena kagan would have gone bigger.
0	for the u.s. this is a problem.
0	and she's calling from san antonio texas.
0	and now is the time to act.
0	we're in a war against these people.
0	i have two cars in the family.
0	and we'll be there to see it.
0	frank morris would be 83 this year.
0	by 1973 southwest posted its first profit.
0	the tavern owner doesn't seem to exist.
0	well they're the only other party there.
0	eduardo porter happy tax week to you.
0	charlayne hunter-gault npr news soga village tanzania.
0	u.s. officials say they harbor al-qaida terrorists.
0	george thanks very much for the call.
0	more than 430 are now confirmed dead.
0	i mean how could you be bored?
0	he called himself a teddy roosevelt republican.
0	that will more than double our population.
0	i wonder if less wouldn't be wiser.
0	here's how it works with chinese characters.
0	okay well jason good luck to you.
0	that is a concern for cindy zipf.
0	out back his kids are playing basketball.
0	would he make life with zimbabweans better?
0	d. student at the university of wisconsin.
0	today i'm a much more mature person.
0	if you're confused you're in good company.
0	i got it wrong again didn't i?
0	but still todd and rich are grateful.
0	and i'm been following it pretty intensely.
0	she said ok i'll answer the phone.
0	good morning to all of you guys.
0	well it sounds somewhat confusing doesn't it?
0	we have to take a quick break.
0	and do you still run this today?
0	well i think that's exactly the problem.
0	his behavior sometimes verges on the bizarre.
0	i'm afraid we're up against the clock.
0	washington d.c. we're not so sure about.
0	but for now official relations remain suspended.
0	do you believe he's making genuine changes?
0	had there been substantial news coverage ms.
0	mr. sanders thanks for talking with us.
0	today he's outspoken on school safety issues.
0	with fireworks songs and screams of joy.
0	that who they dated was their business.
0	both men are now on death row.
0	she's living with her mom right now.
0	from member station kqed rob schmitz reports.
0	they have a lot of california users.
0	yeah steve nice talking to you again.
0	there are no good jobs out there.
0	i   would rather see some other voices.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	that would be a tragedy for people.
0	and i don't think it should be.
0	don't throw out salaries or other things.
0	thomas robinson is one of the architects.
0	you know who's in this   movie too?
0	what is it that you need now?
0	the situation is on three collision courses.
0	and yet he's never really been challenged.
0	put been there in the subject line.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	you can also post comments at npr.
0	so on north korea china is essential.
0	i'm not going to worry about it.
0	what do you know about this meeting?
0	joining the conversation now is judith markelz.
0	well let me jump in here because.
0	but yeah i love watching the oscars.
0	and that pig is through the python.
0	so what's been the response to this?
0	dance inside our mom and dad's heads.
0	they expect a lot from their employees.
0	bending the note as some blues guitarists.
0	elia lives here in la by herself.
0	rheubottom estates i used to call it.
0	do you go through life seeing stillwater?
0	and a float you're usually at sea.
0	which could come back to haunt kenya.
0	and it seems to be going nowhere.
0	and we need to do our part.
0	we have moved on since jim crow.
0	numan is on the line with us.
0	i mean i just susan i'm gay.
0	we heard hillary clinton address sexism yesterday.
0	don gonyea is npr's white house correspondent.
0	i'll take your response off the air.
0	an investigation later uncovered serious design flaws.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	what will happen now with his family?
0	there are something like a dozen investigations.
0	well i'm relatively optimistic about the shutdown.
0	and secondly let's make a good record.
0	they already knew the purpose of it.
0	greg welcome to talk of the nation.
0	teller thanks very much for joining us.
0	let me follow up briefly on that.
0	a major concern now is road closures.
0	npr's ina jaffe attended some of them.
0	whale scat yeah believe it or not.
0	renting works but not because owning doesn't.
0	north korea also got a big victory.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	but that doesn't really make much sense.
0	i've been in a lot of prisons.
0	they walk around with the inflection patterns.
0	when the sun drops the show starts.
0	but there's a mood of apprehension here.
0	i mean it's been a great year.
0	any pushback from parents or community members?
0	and welcome to talk of the nation.
0	it has chosen iraq as the battleground.
0	npr's cheryl corley visited one such family.
0	i take care of all auto maintenance.
0	now mali however is a unique problem.
0	do you ever get used to it?
0	but how do you sustain that commitment?
0	this hour we focus specifically on language.
0	and one of the things oh uh-huh?
0	and that's how he was to everybody.
0	it is rather to make it work.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	the guys have been jumbo money losers.
0	and in some ways still true today.
0	does it work for skin cancer patients?
0	but the pictures weren't exactly high definition.
0	they include four common hospital acquired infections.
0	pharmacokinetics is the science of drug delivery.
0	they have imposed very strict islamic law.
0	is anything in a politician's life off-limits?
0	if it's coming from russia you do.
0	she really crashed and became quite depressed.
0	that sort of discussion just doesn't work.
0	michael nutter is the mayor of philadelphia.
0	let us go to thad in virginia.
0	musically it teaches basic beats and riffs.
0	a country's strengths usually reflect its priorities.
0	it sold well over a million copies.
0	are you finding that they're resisting going?
0	so you think you're a '90s fan?
0	and we're really hard to appeal to.
0	it's the same on the national level.
0	my son is very 3 years old.
0	hip hop is celebrated in our communities.
0	and he didn't typically treat cancer patients.
0	so don't really know where they're going.
0	i would definitely agree with you gina.
0	we didn't see that in st. louis.
0	and strojnik says he makes no money.
0	and that is a completely ford-designed system.
0	is master p safe for children's ears?
0	and it would have to be universal.
0	gents thanks for coming on the show.
0	he came to us from jackson mississippi.
0	you were in grant park last night.
0	there's no place for airplanes to land.
0	i guess they don't care do they?
0	hilary sargent is an editor at boston.
0	fisher says that potential company became neurophage.
0	over there you have another city structure.
0	this is a song that i wrote.
0	let's go to jeff in tucson arizona.
0	and brian was like what's that sample?
0	and we're just gathering data points here.
0	we have to take a short break.
0	she just got up and she's crying.
0	but she wasn't denied treatment at all.
0	it really is a thing with him.
0	so everything that's insecure we don't publish.
0	let's step in with one last question.
0	joining us from new   york e.r. shipp.
0	again this is just this year's budget.
0	we've got a caller on the line.
0	well i drink a lot of water.
0	supervisor worthley farmers have that property right.
0	well you brought up naturalist for example.
0	ari shapiro npr news the white house.
0	i did but he was very quiet.
0	of course african-americans would be more supportive.
0	you've mounted them at a slant behind.
0	that's our agenda i think right now.
0	we have an agenda to write more.
0	paul very nice to talk to you.
0	i call it like skipping a rock.
0	yeah just not very many at all.
0	domenico montanaro joins us on the line.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and calderon did exactly that just recently.
0	it had three strands instead of two.
0	i'd like you to read another excerpt.
0	she has really had a tough time.
0	ari shapiro npr news the white house.
0	so i don't know when it'll stop.
0	were others asked and did they accept?
0	his company puck technology makes the whizzinator.
0	it really depends on what you mean.
0	there's a lot of stress on me.
0	luckily i did my husband has benefits.
0	what other juicy words are you investigating?
0	we're going to have you back later.
0	wellbut again it's not a question of.
0	doing a daily log for the recording.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	thanks a lot for having me michel.
0	ah you're talking about after it strikes.
0	today we're going to put on hats.
0	they've set their sights on america now.
0	i think that argument can be made.
0	but every february she turns down work.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	there is an early-warning system in place.
0	i think it was a genuine romance.
0	that's katy fike the co-founder of aging2.
0	there's a lot still to be done.
0	yachts this size used to be rare.
0	bruce what do you think about that?
0	and of course bring in the olympics.
0	i'll put him in a christmas book.
0	and we need better schools for that.
0	the infection could easily have killed him.
0	it was an x-men spin-off from marvel.
0	no one's going   to bail them out.
0	people cooking stuff all sorts of activity.
0	first off are you planning to vote?
0	what did you think of the ending?
0	well we've all faked it from time.
0	researcher john vaughan   publishes church growth today.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	well i think it contributes to it.
0	yes that's very different than passing it.
0	what song were you guys just humming?
0	she's also throwing in about 2,000 records.
0	and when you say people you mean.
0	we turn now to all tech considered.
0	we've had two 2-year-olds that were killed.
0	david cowan i'm sorry i interrupted you.
0	we're not big believers in planning long-term.
0	and ahmed rashid let me ask you.
0	so i'm sorry that you missed us.
0	there are bills and there are bills.
0	they had to sort of fess up.
0	well let's talk about the situation now.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	i was there for like six months.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	so you had a week-run on broadway.
0	so it's ethiopia has some forces there.
0	when exactly did all this interference begin?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so there's differences already coming out renee.
0	tracy can i ask you a question?
0	and of course we've already been there.
0	so we both had it i'm sure.
0	but within that there are little differences.
0	she got all crazy response for that.
0	then there's flint's notorious high crime rate.
0	hey maybe we should think about it.
0	i'm not going all hallmark on you.
0	npr's richard harris is covering this story.
0	and it's bound to be permanent damage.
0	it's like it's a time-out for rove.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i was an ett in '06 '07.
0	well good to be with you neal.
0	i call it the one percent club.
0	all through elementary school i used braille.
0	they were the empowered group under saddam.
0	i think you know and you're right.
0	but here's romney saying very similar things.
0	let's hear a little bit of that.
0	i find all of that in there.
0	she kept her private life very private.
0	you mentioned the politics behind this violence.
0	there's a there are two moratoriums bills.
0	joining us now is dr. david miklowitz.
0	what do you think of the response?
0	eric calling from grand junction in colorado.
0	they are having people on the air.
0	actually that's exactly what he did right?
0	now has the president admitted to leaking?
0	should you be checking your own attitude?
0	well there's some big primaries on tuesday.
0	well it was obviously a poor analogy.
0	she may win a majority of them.
0	so we're just going to extend christmas.
0	he's run a very very vigorous campaign.
0	there's a lot of fertile territory there.
0	but it used to be mine and.
0	they're not asking you to go home.
0	am i correct or incorrect about this?
0	and you know that happens every election.
0	and there were some mail-in ballots right?
0	political junkie ken rudin is with us.
0	they feel refreshed when they hear it.
0	npr's russell lewis is in birmingham ala.
0	threats extortion violence and a fiery finish.
0	it's been great to be here thanks.
0	but that's further out in the future.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they haven't told us what it is.
0	and then what will the west do?
0	and that doesn't make either side legitimate.
0	i'm glad it's working out for you.
0	but steve israel joining us from florida.
0	she's become a national figure almost overnight.
0	and it's won almost all of them.
0	that's exactly how things should be handled.
0	and they tried to get 60 votes.
0	you've got to tell a story first.
0	this is morning edition for npr news.
0	we also have a majority black population.
0	funny case from a few years back.
0	i have warm memories of corruption past.
0	he put a floor under the crash.
0	who wants to jump in on this?
0	do you know what a googly is?
0	stay with us we'll be right back.
0	well thanks very much for the call.
0	why columbus ohio you have this sake?
0	number two we work with them ready?
0	eyder thanks very much and stay safe.
0	that is one of my students yes.
0	kaur is at ease working with patients.
0	rix says repsol has done environmental surveys.
0	npr's   anthony kuhn has more from beijing.
0	it's their event and i respect that.
0	here's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	bread is usually sold in the morning.
0	i have a face made for radio.
0	it's really hard to detect lung cancer.
0	do you know anything about that word?
0	and don't say we didn't alert you.
0	don't bore us get to the chorus.
0	you have whiteness you have white culture.
0	that was mahmoud ahmadinejad president of iran.
0	ken a lot of passion in there.
0	npr's scott horsley traveling with the president.
0	so this is an issue of labor.
0	we have a number of great people.
0	and nice to speak with you again.
0	and there is support for religious parties.
0	i'm ira flatow talking with dr. varmus.
0	above all science is a human institution.
0	that's a dangerous road to go down.
0	your hair is short too isn't it?
0	find out what iowa is all about.
0	this is richard calling from san francisco.
0	my mother became more and more fundamentalist.
0	you know we're talking about spying here.
0	tim mcgonegal is superintendent in manatee county.
0	and meanwhile putin remained mute completely mute.
0	her five children were screaming in terror.
0	they got $700 billion under the law.
0	this was in the early '90s yeah.
0	and it is the law going forward.
0	and i think that's going to work.
0	she's been covering the u.s.-russia spy swap.
0	and that was really all you needed.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	two   years ago it was that bad.
0	and we respect that point of view.
0	and so public education is very important.
0	and people are being diagnosed every day.
0	there's no representative here of mainline protestantism.
0	so there's two basic avenues of research.
0	i acknowledge that mistakes were made here.
0	what can you tell us about him?
0	gosh he sounds like a washington politician.
0	it's derogatory usually the way it's used.
0	it was against including any specific groups.
0	and then they push the jaws out.
0	i would love to talk about this.
0	it was moving forward at light speed.
0	and concerns about young scientists as well.
0	ted thanks very much for the call.
0	i'm sort of split down the middle.
0	and we thought oh this'll be great.
0	and you imagine dying on the battlefield.
0	this was in the past not yesterday.
0	we still have five more to go.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	let's be frank about the downside here.
0	there's issues between china and japan politically.
0	anuj looked up from his ipad quizzical.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and this is science friday from npr.
0	but overall it appears to be safe.
0	and she's covering the trial in houston.
0	just come to our web site npr.
0	he really wants to drive the debate.
0	so you know i'm all for atsac.
0	do you understand though also my reluctance?
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	not unusual in the textbook retail business.
0	have you seen college textbook prices lately?
0	what are you hearing from people there?
0	they didn't have a location for it.
0	they mean the opposite of each other.
0	hi this is tape i think two.
0	yeah no. there's it's a big difference.
0	the officer faces a second-degree murder charge.
0	we're the ones who are totally excited.
0	i think so the very first time.
0	i believe it'll be gymnasiums   community centers.
0	the photo showed the pope uncharacteristically grouchy.
0	but i appreciate very much your comment.
0	we like them to be against that.
0	npr's juan williams has been listening in.
0	yeah i'm the father you all wanted.
0	who had the best technology in space?
0	but it is really a niche audience.
0	his work has been far from satisfactory.
0	he says it's all tone over substance.
0	when he first proposed it to brandi.
0	they were considered untouchable in nepal's monarchy.
0	well thanks so much for calling scott.
0	i think that that's to be applauded.
0	i listen to it all the time.
0	we'll see you in new york jimmy.
0	no we've kind of evolved to here.
0	there's the rapper from utfo doctor ice.
0	so some groups allows generators and batteries.
0	he cracks an egg and begins cooking.
0	npr's carrie kahn reports from monterrey mexico.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	as chinese wealth grew italian resentment spread.
0	frosh said the subpoenas target three questions.
0	dr. anderson is a friend and mentor.
0	these are the casitas the self-built houses.
0	and they broke ground on september 11th?
0	i don't need to be in school.
0	and that's what mr. trump is doing.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	what they're going to do in columbus.
0	she was strangled to death by hand.
0	it was the middle of the night.
0	and so there's nothing else to say.
0	well nick knows how important it is.
0	but you can ask your local leaders.
0	and this is a nonprofit nonpartisan organization.
0	and so there are so many issues.
0	you'll hear more about that on monday.
0	everything he cooks on it's very good.
0	the dust was caused by other reasons.
0	does that seem like a reasonable approach?
0	you don't want to upset your boss.
0	and so it was a pro-olmert crowd.
0	is that one of the open cases?
0	i try to buy from independent businesses.
0	antrell thanks very much for your time.
0	things are finally finally working   around here.
0	i've tried to build an organization too.
0	i've never seen anything like that before.
0	albinos in tanzania have especially hard lives.
0	and so we had a good night.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	actually coach weis equality means curse away.
0	well what they well that's the question.
0	they came in hanging on freight cars.
0	they actually well they do a little.
0	this is what french media is saying.
0	we want to know from the nsa.
0	cap the knife as he was known.
0	he was reagan's in the reagan administration.
0	they also talked about iran and russia.
0	but most filmmakers still prefer   theatrical release.
0	i don't think for 99 cents no.
0	the african-american population is still significant here.
0	my pleasure to be with you steve.
0	i'm tired of being a stereotypical person.
0	and he thinks it's going to work.
0	on the other hand you are   big.
0	npr's southeast asia correspondent michael sullivan reports.
0	this one is made with ginger root.
0	they're both quiet for a few seconds.
0	the black woman demands to know why.
0	i jumped out and took the stairs.
0	it's nothing and this is gone bang.
0	and he said here it was time.
0	from   georgia public broadcasting susanna capelouto reports.
0	i want to be with my family.
0	and that was it was a barbecue.
0	well we certainly are in new york.
0	that's miles morales performed by shameik moore.
0	he was   trying to balance two messages.
0	what do you think her legacy is?
0	joey thanks very much for the call.
0	but you see them all the time.
0	jennifer's with us from louisville in kentucky.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	no it's not the end of it.
0	she's with us from oak park illinois.
0	you can read his blog at jamesfallows.
0	and that's what we've asked for here.
0	nell greenfieldboyce science reporter here at npr.
0	well i think a couple of things.
0	rajinder thanks for being back with us.
0	i couldn't be happier to be here.
0	did this only happen after the drilling.
0	and boomers beware this affects you too.
0	good question john thanks for the call.
0	so we have to backtrack a bit.
0	i've known bill for over a decade.
0	the man was 77 a retired pharmacist.
0	there's no way i'll ever get on.
0	and then there's the $4,500 deluxe package.
0	the short answer to that is yeah.
0	and we didn't even know about nf3.
0	tamara keith npr news the white house.
0	and people are calling for yard signs.
0	they're buying a significant number of users.
0	the building is beautiful modern and bright.
0	you have to really run your business.
0	and they had the police on us.
0	so but we stay at the table.
0	i mean it is a possibility right?
0	all right well thanks very much zack.
0	in fact we heard some excerpts earlier.
0	reverend jackson was looking   for an apology.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	to listen to the show   visit npr.
0	well they do do some of it.
0	so you are in the vanguard roy.
0	mara less than an hour to go.
0	mr. cavalluzzo welcome to day to day.
0	which was not an experience i expected.
0	in other words higher gas price now.
0	you can't ask the government to pay.
0	you know they want to polarize things.
0	she says aren't we iraqis like them?
0	so clearly it's answering to some need.
0	thanksgiving man is not only about food.
0	but personally i want that day off.
0	and yes there is no one reason.
0	mike doughty congratulations on the new album.
0	well let's get down to business now.
0	how we survive like that god knows.
0	that's the lowest a human can stoop.
0	so you're talking in the 90s fahrenheit.
0	one was from iowa 19-year-old darwin judge.
0	john bates spent 35 years with gm.
0	which made what happened last fall confusing.
0	there were no injuries or serious damage.
0	they probably only vote in second life.
0	but only 2,000 were reunited with owners.
0	they have this nice texture on them.
0	it's long been subject to ethnic divisions.
0	so it was not easy at all.
0	here's house budget committee chairman paul ryan.
0	can you give me compensation for that?
0	that's npr's national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	dominguez says he's turned his life around.
0	you already have competing pressures of time.
0	i'm never actually done any skydiving no.
0	and i said no you don't understand.
0	sure she's hungry for it isn't she?
0	over 2,000 iraqis polled by abc news.
0	so i'd happily swap places with him.
0	he's really picking and choosing his fights.
0	they're both populists to say the least.
0	and two we've never seen her campaign.
0	francisco lopez is their real estate agent.
0	tomorrow it's science friday and ira flatow.
0	i don't want to be a criminal.
0	i have to just tell you honestly.
0	and as obviously know something about this.
0	the way we code it is wv.
0	and she's not looking for a career.
0	and people are just thinking about all.
0	and that's new orleans in a hurricane.
0	but we need a lot of effort.
0	i'm meeting with them again next week.
0	and i'm not sure i ever will.
0	how was she able to do so?
0	some residents say they don't mind them.
0	how many more shoes may drop yeah.
0	i forgot those routines you know that?
0	of course i'm especially interested in women.
0	thank you for your time mr. feinberg.
0	so edward said what do you want?
0	where does it start to go wrong?
0	but at least they tried you know?
0	and those people really don't like him.
0	let's go to rachel in darien connecticut.
0	none of this is about the science.
0	he is in the libyan capital tripoli.
0	it was a liberating moment for me.
0	defect and vote for hillary clinton both.
0	shirley thanks very much for the call.
0	i want you to listen to them.
0	as john says you won the election.
0	we need to get our act together.
0	well that's what leadership is all about.
0	and if they didn't that's fine too.
0	there's a special election on june 4th.
0	i mean president obama vice president biden.
0	will the detention   controversy follow her there?
0	that's what the scientists are telling us.
0	the president contradicts his own communications team.
0	tell me about your birthday party today.
0	but that's not why they signed up.
0	and this would seem to underline it.
0	but is this about more than that?
0	so i think sometimes you can tell.
0	she's been tested and she's hiv negative.
0	that shouldn't stop any geek from trying.
0	and there's your   washer wipers right here.
0	there's this really complementary feeling about it.
0	i was a lot freer in america.
0	i mean just go through the list.
0	it's absolutely true but here's the difference.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	watch for it coming to your towns.
0	to listen to the program visit npr.
0	it was the entire shocking second half.
0	this is from peter in arlington massachusetts.
0	we all wish she could have been.
0	they didn't use the word green then.
0	fast-forward you get this thing called progress.
0	well they're both plunging into the campaign.
0	an official announcement is expected later today.
0	i got to the senate in 2013.
0	and overall grades increased by 4.5 percent.
0	rose is this hard for your students?
0	he said ok pack your stuff up.
0	and what about outside the convention center?
0	karen grigsby bates npr news los angeles.
0	so definitely get the coffee it's creamy.
0	i don't even have a press pass.
0	this is a significant moment how significant?
0	nigeria claims boko haram is technically defeated.
0	and with it a loss of hope.
0	you know the russians are bombing syria.
0	andre thanks very much for the call.
0	they say the election was a sham.
0	and you're with a convoy of equipment?
0	our guest joe shapiro npr investigative correspondent.
0	and she is a very sophisticated person.
0	up next the inventor and the opera.
0	that senator judd gregg is a republican.
0	this is not one of those things.
0	thanks for taking the time for us.
0	how much of a problem is this?
0	he clearly though did hijack some ships.
0	so it's 40 minutes behind you know?
0	total deaths in the united states: 66.
0	the people here feel abandoned and bitter.
0	and sean's calling from ann arbor michigan.
0	but i wonder how well he slept.
0	again it's a pirate tendency to exaggerate.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this email from samantha in new orleans.
0	the crowd today was also more diverse.
0	some people may think it's too cerebral.
0	most of the time they were deficits.
0	i grew up in an upper-middle-class environment.
0	but that doesn't mean they always work.
0	so this is maybe more for danielle.
0	that's according to the new york times.
0	i couldn't believe what i was hearing.
0	that has really affected my day-to-day life.
0	you kind of evolve into your voice.
0	so ifthe erosion of   some civil rightsi.
0	you can hear them all at nprmusic.
0	yes there's more news on that front.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	yeah so then you start something else.
0	maybe she could sell more down there.
0	but the solo is to die for.
0	tom quickly what happens next for sgt.
0	that's him on the video taking charge.
0	constance rice is a civil rights attorney.
0	that has to come to an end.
0	but he did nothe owned the newspaper.
0	they face betsy's voice not the artwork.
0	not so with a national guard pilot.
0	it's sort of like the last one.
0	well i don't think he endangered us.
0	robert krulwich npr news in new york.
0	and congress has a lot of questions.
0	and so it's just all about quantity.
0	and i find that an interesting area.
0	well mark wolfe thank you so much.
0	david brooks is it going to work?
0	hassan flew to   kuwait on december 11th.
0	the city of stirling city still is.
0	i had about that kind of marriage.
0	what are we learning from climate change?
0	and what could possibly turn this around?
0	it was the worst of all worlds.
0	he's saying you need to do something.
0	how can its economics be a problem?
0	so this place opened actually on friday.
0	steve carell doesn't wink at the camera.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and to my surprise they said yes.
0	if i was doing that why not?
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	tatum was about two at the time.
0	he has taken lots of these tours.
0	today you're better off wearing your jammies.
0	so then i made a couple calls.
0	millennials are a diverse group of people.
0	many of them married the lost boys.
0	the president do they like the president?
0	that's called congenital anosmia a rare condition.
0	solomon says that's not the case anymore.
0	but here's where bill's a bit different.
0	do you know what kind of convictions?
0	there's an american flag on his arm.
0	call in with your comments at 202-216-9217.
0	i can't really participate in those conversations.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	alexander runs a nonprofit in sacramento calif.
0	and the country is politically in chaos.
0	just split up among bailiwicks like that?
0	they think 18 months is the minimum.
0	i mean it is in plain sight.
0	julianne michael and george thanks so much.
0	now are they selling old spice there?
0	it's long been considered a medicinal plant.
0	all right npr's mara liasson is here.
0	can you tell me something about yourself?
0	thank so much for joining us today.
0	that's also where the psa was filmed.
0	the mass murderer was executed in 1994.
0	but that's still a very large percentage.
0	and i let me tell you something.
0	what is the biggest misconception about you?
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	every student works one day a week.
0	jimmy carter tried a windfall profits tax.
0	got to work on those harmonies guys.
0	well i can understand how it feels.
0	giuliani was the mayor at that time.
0	and that's the only way they know.
0	the son kiwi is on the mainland.
0	first off i'm not a retired military.
0	but general motors said we just cannot.
0	how do they keep turning a profit?
0	so let's start with those aig bonuses.
0	and to me that's a great charge.
0	you're going back to los angeles tomorrow?
0	i had trouble with the hard questions.
0	as it turns out i was wrong.
0	so i really feel for your guest.
0	one of the members is tom wilson.
0	out west some good news for homebuyers.
0	what exactly are you asking him for?
0	most shops on main street were closed.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	it doesn't tell you what to do.
0	not every game involves blowing things up.
0	i do encounter some supporters of his.
0	and why do you think that is?
0	let's hear from deborah in akron ohio.
0	bernie sanders' record on gun safety issues.
0	so we've talked to the hispanic caucus.
0	well i don't know if it's that.
0	why do they want to do that?
0	a castle is something that's pretty magical.
0	it has come way down in cost.
0	it's just new to the united states.
0	also it crossed the million-dollar price threshold.
0	is there a reward for daphne's return?
0	are you talking about your pornography addiction?
0	and we have the solution for you.
0	they've got lots of submarines under production.
0	it was a long way from it.
0	well you've got to balance the weight.
0	now lea desperately wants to re-establish contact.
0	hurlburt agrees sequestration would be a nightmare.
0	thank you kate for taking the time.
0	hi ira thanks for taking my call.
0	we didn't agree on much of anything.
0	i'm a member of the hispanic caucus.
0	it was damn near amish you know.
0	it is difficult though to cut back.
0	but what's the plan down the road?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and where are the democrats on this?
0	he described it in a pbs documentary.
0	that's not what vfw is for me.
0	how close is concepcion to the coast?
0	armed attacks against the army are growing.
0	and we're slowly but surely coming up.
0	now we heard from   senator hagel there.
0	his initial proposal was really not good.
0	that is the controversial question isn't it?
0	so it is tough for those folks.
0	david mackenzie joins us from new york.
0	i'm laura sullivan in for guy raz.
0	and then there are the solar panels.
0	it's also spending more on newspaper ads.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	oh thank you for taking my call.
0	she was a st. louis cardinal's fan.
0	but she was always there for me.
0	susan thanks very much for the call.
0	zidane represents so much things for us.
0	i'm joined now by writer taylor branch.
0	mr. president my name is cindy sheehan.
0	in europe it's not looking any better.
0	i have no opposition to counting everyone.
0	lyn with us from greensboro north carolina.
0	you know he can't get anything passed.
0	nearby three students take turns playing chess.
0	you've got to hand it to nixon.
0	have you seen any improvement from it?
0	paplanus has been umpiring for 20 years.
0	hopefully she will make it here safely.
0	its basic color is a light brown.
0	twelve people were killed 58 others injured.
0	i mean that is a serious allegation.
0	the primary activity becomes reselling the myth.
0	soon they'll be running the brothers' dna.
0	what might it look like for them?
0	election day to hopefully avoid long lines.
0	and that's a hard thing to overcome.
0	let's see we go next to doran.
0	oh neal thank you so very much.
0	is there any talk about that now?
0	this is doug barker of chester virginia.
0	truthfully i think he's doing all right.
0	and we haven't opened our presents yet.
0	and for me it was 180 degrees.
0	i you know i see both parts.
0	now where is that going to go?
0	day to day continues in a moment.
0	his latest book freedom is not enough.
0	and you didn't use offshore sources either.
0	that's npr national security correspondent greg myre.
0	it seems is this a practical solution?
0	talk of the nation from npr news.
0	others are reluctant to take on debt.
0	see they never disclosed this till   yesterday.
0	but we do have to encourage it.
0	as orlando has grown so has valencia.
0	what are students writing about these days?
0	all the phones in the branch nonstop.
0	and you know even that was enough.
0	already the streets are strewn with trash.
0	so it's a fascinating very fascinating ecosystem.
0	but we don't have a moderate middle.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	ok npr's joel rose thanks very much.
0	they don't have   it in their hand.
0	and i've been involved since the beginning.
0	thanks very much for talking with us.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	now it's a mixture of various things.
0	let me turn back to david folkenflik.
0	yeah i was about 7 years old.
0	how's the roll call going to go?
0	group leader eddie white cuts no slack.
0	the royals also have home field advantage.
0	lovely house landscaped rocks in the yard.
0	well the fact is we've trained 242,000.
0	and that says something about our economy.
0	but does that exist in this country?
0	mike calling us from stratford new jersey.
0	hold on a second there's the answer.
0	and we call that donning your gear.
0	in some places the situation is desperate.
0	and just the sheer joy of it.
0	critics slammed thurston for running the bill.
0	president trump was motivated by those factors.
0	his idea was to use the steel.
0	it's not just quieting down the weapons.
0	i don't know whether that will work.
0	that's npr's debbie elliott in jacksonville fla.
0	you see those as two separate questions.
0	we foster over 70 through our home.
0	so that's a big difference as well.
0	thank you thank you for having me.
0	well let's talk about his economic agenda.
0	almost 2,500 people had the correct answer.
0	you know ronald reagan's pretty much it.
0	that's why she calls her program catalyst.
0	just that urban ghetto i-gotta-to-make-money-however-i can lifestyle.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	michael is with us from st. louis.
0	what's your reaction to general mcchrystal's comments?
0	i always have a notebook with me.
0	but it's not the most recent since.
0	i just wanted to make a comment.
0	maybe she's understanding exactly how it is.
0	she picks up the story from here.
0	can we do one at a time?
0	charles thanks so much for joining us.
0	that we're going to inherit this country.
0	it's a good place to see though.
0	have the greens run out of steam?
0	the next day was st. patrick's day.
0	and this week our word is gerrymandering.
0	i think they have interviewed him before.
0	but her ideas are big and bold.
0	well you know you got to try.
0	and anne joins us on the line.
0	claire mccaskill and roy blunt jr. never.
0	he's also promised no cuts to medicaid.
0	so they're not saying exactly how many.
0	so that's obviously one line of thinking.
0	and we're already seeing that in michigan.
0	well the primary obstacle is hipaa regulations.
0	by all accounts the two were inseparable.
0	oh i would say it's very unusual.
0	it's used to treat common respiratory infections.
0	more with elizabeth bartholet and adam pertman.
0	after 2.5 million the smithsonian dropped out.
0	why do they need a quad-core processor?
0	people like myself have articulated different plans.
0	what motivated you to start that label?
0	yeah we'll see if that actually happens.
0	mae rises up the corporate ladder quickly.
0	and if you have one you're suspect.
0	i get in front of my brother.
0	and if it's hillary clinton i'm down.
0	well let's start with your story then.
0	trust that has been eroding for years.
0	now you call this neighborhood maquis park.
0	and that can happen in any relationship.
0	and then they were   divorced as well.
0	is there work going on in that?
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	but for me we live here right?
0	you   know i had two comments actually.
0	we post a new episode sunday nights.
0	the group is only one year old.
0	teacher poet and performance artist sekou sundiata.
0	and this is just one of them.
0	but college is something that you choose.
0	the larger area could be called bronzeville.
0	they want action and they want effectiveness.
0	guys we got to wrap it up.
0	so is this really something that's necessary?
0	you actually got involved in mediating disputes.
0	so we were just talking about college.
0	what can we learn from their experiences?
0	bu there is a downside he cautions.
0	i really need your shrewd political analysis.
0	it is time now for africa update.
0	and he feels very bad about it.
0	more and more women are going online.
0	but now that's the google gmail system.
0	well at a polling station near you.
0	a great number have fallen to development.
0	i don't think chris has an excuse.
0	his own field hospital was blown up.
0	he was very sweaty incoherent at times.
0	where were the regulators the bank regulators?
0	well it was kind of fun actually.
0	we want to hear your arlington story.
0	and gis love sos in the morning.
0	nice of you to be with us.
0	and when will they release their identities?
0	tomorrow is holocaust   remembrance day yom hashoah.
0	what did the president say about that?
0	i mean i just feel absolutely powerless.
0	it was that close war all around.
0	let's move on into the 20th century.
0	brent you're on talk of the nation.
0	do you know what might happen there?
0	that's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	and we're so excited about it laura.
0	they've seen the biggest declines since then.
0	they're hunted so they're afraid of people.
0	the unincorporated town of comfort w. va.
0	and the wheel started spinning pretty quickly.
0	where did you pick up your baseball?
0	they have been a lot of lessons.
0	we're going to have an economic slowdown.
0	i'm jennifer ludden in for neal conan.
0	we publish some books that are bestsellers.
0	would it work and at what cost?
0	hopefully not to any agents or anything.
0	michigan shapes up as a two-man race.
0	food stamps i would say was successful.
0	i care a lot about social measures.
0	not too far from the pennsylvania border.
0	another new leader in the gop pack.
0	she'd gotten married i guess or something.
0	and it was definitely a calculated risk.
0	thank you so much for sharing it.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	the energy in the building was incredible.
0	they've been skating for like three weeks.
0	they wanted money from the government whatever.
0	good to have you back with us.
0	i thought i was ready for it.
0	let's go next to this is matt.
0	well good to know you're in pewaukee.
0	good evening sir welcome to the oberoi.
0	go ahead jack you're on the air.
0	some people think that term is ridiculous.
0	the card points hayden to related books.
0	it's often not a problem in beijing.
0	and we've been seeing that all day.
0	does anyone know who planned that explosion?
0	no michael it's my turn to talk.
0	and these days that list is growing.
0	those who should be rich are rich.
0	they've got an awful lot of enemies.
0	thanks so much for joining us rob.
0	it's a catholic order active in kenya.
0	it feels strange when you get back.
0	judi dench is pretty sublime as anne.
0	so he won't be alone in that.
0	and it's a bit confusing isn't it?
0	ira is here tomorrow with science friday.
0	it did make sense at one time.
0	you mentioned a lot of international music.
0	i didn't realize how prevalent it was.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	that's npr's julie mccarthy in islamabad today.
0	this is still a very private organization.
0	it is explicitly prohibited from doing so.
0	morrison never chooses one or the other.
0	is there a limit or no limit?
0	and abortion is certainly one of them.
0	but that's been that's been under assault.
0	but it makes reading a transparent process.
0	and i wore it because of that.
0	thankfully nobody expects it all to melt.
0	what did the newspaper employees allegedly do?
0	will do you want to answer that?
0	what did you learn from your childhood?
0	manufacturing in particular has taken a hit.
0	because people want to see you next.
0	it's from member station wbez in chicago.
0	we're going to invoke jane here again.
0	i would like to input on that.
0	from npr news is news and notes.
0	what was it like out there today?
0	i never turned loose from my dream.
0	dina thanks for being with us today.
0	you know that's the point though linda.
0	the catfish there is to die for.
0	but the 28 year-old urban farmer persists.
0	so give us an example of that.
0	let's go to debbie in littleton colorado.
0	could you put off that light there?
0	this figure was widely accepted for decades.
0	tom welcome to talk of the nation.
0	i also wasn't there at the   time.
0	zippi brand frank thank you very much.
0	let's see we go next to gregory.
0	what happened with the school structure itself?
0	i guess i've been hesitant to participate.
0	the drugs never really leave your system.
0	my doctors are trying to kill me.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	oh he got a very warm welcome.
0	let's shift our focus over to venezuela.
0	and npr's frank langfitt is in london.
0	and let's go to perry in cambridge.
0	because this stone you cannot quarry anymore.
0	we're not in a period of austerity.
0	her fear her terror actually was water.
0	pam welcome to talk of the nation.
0	that's juan rojas a high school administrator.
0	there'll be interactions with the angry constituents.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	zippi brand frank thank you very much.
0	you've got a paper to put out.
0	let's go now tothis will   be john.
0	thank you so much for being here.
0	we don't want to pay our troops.
0	and it is a really fast-growing world.
0	but obviously that is not the solution.
0	so there are things that i've gained.
0	and there's not democratic ideas republican ideas.
0	i have brown hair and green eyes.
0	here's an email from al in milwaukee.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	i'm a 27-year-old female living in connecticut.
0	i mean it's the mothers questioning themselves.
0	there's also a real sense of terror.
0	so there are a lot of telephones.
0	look what it did when it rose.
0	you have three no. 1 seeds left.
0	it's not their sort of primary intention.
0	they're really excited to receive those hostages.
0	you can't record or even transcribe conversations.
0	and for a short time they were.
0	what are his rights as a defendant?
0	well all the ones we entitled to.
0	our position is very clear on borders.
0	now we need to reverse those incentives.
0	was it politics or was it personality?
0	so this is a very important job.
0	that's the first record i ever bought.
0	well why did you just dismiss it?
0	they don't have any family here anymore.
0	your husband wants you to have this.
0	the final decision is expected next week.
0	and they've been pretty good haven't they?
0	and consider how many times this sound.
0	you know he was like do that.
0	who instantly fell in love with her.
0	we had a historic set of accomplishments.
0	i mean no one is the same.
0	we did not seek victory in korea.
0	it represents progress not perfection but progress.
0	these are what the kids call improving.
0	a huge part for some of us.
0	or are you managing the heat level?
0	do you see that in the office?
0	what was junior high like for you?
0	there is going to be some connection.
0	it's like that good old mcrib sandwich.
0	it still comes back now and then?
0	the policy is a little bit loose.
0	we just have a few seconds left.
0	she joins us now from mexico city.
0	they've recently released other prisoners as well.
0	those first cases showed up last summer.
0	and they divided them into three groups.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	let's go to terence in lansing michigan.
0	how did democrats try and address that?
0	you and i are   both fast talkers.
0	i mean there are 12 million people.
0	indalawa is from uganda mutamba from rwanda.
0	just really bores into you doesn't it?
0	if this continues he will soon die.
0	we should be bouncing on the ground.
0	aaron if you could keep it quick.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well i was going to ask you.
0	it sounds like theater of the absurd.
0	and the train will automatically be stopped.
0	and let's get roberto on the line.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	everything is kind of administered from kiev.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	bill is the cbs news space consultant.
0	i don't think that's going to happen.
0	and nobody had a program like this.
0	well i'm going to call her maimouna.
0	and that's what they are doing here.
0	yeah the rug definitely doesn't look new.
0	redish tells them lecturing isn't enough anymore.
0	the wound is still very much open.
0	only 29 percent got the question right.
0	gala nettles is one of corona's suppliers.
0	but yes i think it was inevitable.
0	kirk siegler npr news newport beach calif.
0	you know we're unwilling to provide it.
0	we saw a lot of american flags.
0	so we asked npr librarian kee malesky.
0	wild cherry is it good that fruit.
0	i thank you all for joining us.
0	roberto thanks very much for the call.
0	so why wasn't the policy changed sooner?
0	it is definitely definitely a joint   effort.
0	so i mean why not the accordion?
0	we used to go down for lunch.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	india says the attackers came from pakistan.
0	we've already had some preview of that.
0	no. and inflation was already stubbornly high.
0	because we were facing an unknown enemy.
0	bobcats and bears had been spotted nearby.
0	it's good to be back with you.
0	they talk about different birth control options.
0	and we'll see if that ever happens.
0	here's an e-mail that that commentary provoked.
0	a federal plan he believes is unconstitutional.
0	we are having ongoing conversations with them.
0	but the leadership had to be practical.
0	and i live in los angeles california.
0	it's a little bit in extra handling.
0	in recent times there'd been some controversies.
0	did you take it as a prank?
0	nice of you to join us today.
0	well there is a confluence of things.
0	the abundance the quantity always supercedes style.
0	you're both raising your hand shouting me.
0	a big part of this is timing.
0	dean's calling us from palmer in alaska.
0	from member station kunc luke runyon reports.
0	but it matters more to president obama.
0	we were about 12.8 at one point.
0	while some elected officials including florida's gov.
0	lee welcome to the program once again.
0	these are the things that are important.
0	there's already medical marijuana legal in colorado.
0	well no it was off and on.
0	i you know it's already been violent.
0	it would be very difficult to tell.
0	i just think it's kind of ironic.
0	and were any of them french-fried coca-cola?
0	so john roberts cannot hope for turnover.
0	i'm neal conan back after the break.
0	cancer clearly is going to get worse.
0	paul says they'll focus on their grandparents.
0	do you make a cow every year?
0	blank blank and then the blank mark.
0	the smell of fuel fills the air.
0	well they sighted that was a mistake.
0	thank you very much for being members.
0	is there any doubt that this happened?
0	mexico's border cities weren't always war zones.
0	but right now the timing is good.
0	how is your organization reassessing its priorities?
0	do those statistics make sense to you?
0	nick tom says the need is urgent.
0	and everybody felt well it's 36 years.
0	but the underlying legal issue still remains.
0	he spoke to us from capitol hill.
0	these are these high-profile alleged cop killers?
0	no it's an ongoing revolution of course.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	and they have now been driven back.
0	the ice is in the main compartment.
0	try to keep up with me grandpa.
0	and let's get brad on the line.
0	ken thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	but definitely we need to be safe.
0	only for the blues guys you know?
0	the other two are oregon and washington.
0	this critique isn't about politics at all.
0	just come on out and say it.
0	i don't think that's an empty threat.
0	and i want to get into this.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	or our own radio show on npr.
0	that's npr's classical music producer tom huizenga.
0	i find i like to overthink things.
0	we don't need you interpreting for us.
0	so here's the question i asked kids.
0	and they just couldn't ignore it anymore.
0	it was just a piece of rock.
0	really it's almost magical in a way.
0	like the full range of motion hurts.
0	how many of us are on here?
0	i sold fitness equipment for a while.
0	they do that in   the books obviously.
0	getting the test that's the hard part.
0	dr. enid neptune treat patients with copd.
0	i didn't like the movie at all.
0	let's just do brexit and move on.
0	and what happened was after she lost.
0	he broke the rules of these platforms.
0	and you know i bless it now.
0	i would never want to do it.
0	that was actress and director sanaa lathan.
0	he's been in the u.s. since 1999.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	do your own thing was boyle's attitude.
0	is this summit still likely to happen?
0	regardless the president made this declaration anyway.
0	many lived with or worked with smokers.
0	they're worried about the quality of intelligence.
0	once the pod is opened fermentation begins.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	next to him he has an axe.
0	that is not true at all right?
0	and he did not have general anesthetic.
0	this is a big honor for you.
0	and she joins me now from washington.
0	but after some deliberation dan's got it.
0	yes it's senator toomey and senator casey.
0	senator clinton continues to campaign hard today.
0	anne thanks very much for the call.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but he's hopeful the pub will survive.
0	you're like way down on the bill.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	oh i think it's hard to say.
0	i thought it was the same name.
0	and they'd like to avoid that again.
0	a-t-l-e oh i'm not getting this one.
0	we're talking with npr ombudsman alicia shepard.
0	but the reality is they've won now.
0	if you have questions for us 800-989-8255.
0	they want an individually wrapped hot dog.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	oh ludo l oh loud and quiet.
0	we're also keeping an eye on manufacturing.
0	i think i've mostly read about one.
0	in the netherlands that's a thousand persons.
0	needleman treats the girl for lead poisoning.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i was like is it snowing onstage?
0	is that going to be in time?
0	i asked former senator bradley about that.
0	they have more flare-ups of the disease.
0	and so are you ready for this?
0	he along with ted koppel joined us.
0	but how does he pay for it?
0	no i think it's a great point.
0	republicans started it but the democrats helped.
0	the script flipped between spanish and english.
0	i'll just sum them up for you.
0	they both face a powerful common enemy.
0	it was in the post account yeah.
0	they do not like foreigners being there.
0	if it is the strategy will succeed.
0	esther thanks so much for the call.
0	lynn thanks so much for the call.
0	listen q will always be my dad.
0	and cuomo ran a very smart campaign.
0	you know i spoke with liz lebron.
0	officially bombay was renamed mumbai in 1995.
0	we have confidence only in church now.
0	it was actually the british government's idea.
0	barisich runs an organization for commercial fishermen.
0	janiece mentioned what happens in the dark.
0	and that rankled a number of people.
0	i mean it's very arbitrary to me.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	we have smoke and it's pretty bad.
0	vunder repeats his lines again and again.
0	that leaves thousands of fishermen on hold.
0	but i know of people who have.
0	why am i thinking about all this?
0	and that's not good for public safety.
0	of course i'm very proud of it.
0	it's an absolutely inevitable part of life.
0	mary catherine calling us from dorman oklahoma.
0	but he's tired of all the shots.
0	you play percussion in an afro-beat band.
0	mr. magoo also known as jim bacchus.
0	where did you run into ben carson?
0	you know that also isn't entirely clear.
0	so what do you think happens next?
0	from paris eleanor beardsley sent this report.
0	like for example the   hospital for example.
0	okay so this time i come prepared.
0	robin thanks very much for the call.
0	what do you say to those people?
0	womble offered some bourbon fruitcake for tasting.
0	that was former nfl star bobby howard.
0	good of you to join us today.
0	they came forward of their own accord.
0	potter book and about the   hogwarts elite.
0	they haven't seen them as a threat.
0	healthy ct may have missed the balance.
0	i can you know i'm very active.
0	there was no deal to keep gadhafi.
0	so where do you put your funds?
0	ask for buy-in for the bake sale.
0	jason thanks so much for your comments.
0	we've got to fight fire with fire.
0	they knew what they were getting into.
0	these guys know how to handle food.
0	that must have been a first-round pick.
0	but that number is expected to rise.
0	the tilt of his head is different.
0	this is my lair as it were.
0	and you had you overlooked this bulletin?
0	i personally don't have the foggiest notion.
0	new york new york the big apple.
0	it's part of being on the road.
0	i was looking at chip thinking ship.
0	democrats have drawn up their own memo.
0	so i could do it right now.
0	it would not be to me personally.
0	a recurring theme was the american dream.
0	did this one mean anything to you?
0	at first it overwhelmed the big cities.
0	he's also senior vice president of news.
0	susan does this matter to the public?
0	and what do we mean by that?
0	singling out certain countries is not enough.
0	ralph thanks very much for your expertise.
0	so let's just start at the beginning.
0	now whether that's more or less invasive.
0	we don't know why they did it.
0	i wanted to just make two points.
0	most are countries which are majority muslim.
0	and is this profiling do you think?
0	the government has a totally different explanation.
0	we'll be watching for you on tv.
0	he's destroyed all democratic institutions in rwanda.
0	alan sutherland is a 38-year-old art teacher.
0	he's beloved by evangelicals and other conservatives.
0	obviously i've known him for 20 years.
0	yes it's been more of the same.
0	it's   something that is teaching us patience.
0	so first give us your bid here.
0	and for more a contemporary field london.
0	charles ogletree let me ask you this.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and that's a system of anti-racist policing.
0	oh it looks like we've lost bill.
0	sounds perfect for a cold wintery day.
0	that there is always a you mistake.
0	but thanks very much for the call.
0	well i'll tell you more than most.
0	that's npr's own editorial director michael oreskes.
0	thank you for talking with me today.
0	we can make money at $100 oil.
0	st. louis public radio's jason rosenbaum reports.
0	lincoln will connect you with a concierge.
0	but my own life i'm telling lies.
0	polly trottenberg is the city's transportation commissioner.
0	i really did choose to be happy.
0	that might not be enough for them.
0	he joined us from a studio there.
0	people do not know enough about this.
0	his mother a poet and an activist.
0	this is a conversation with the informant.
0	to be white means to be caucasian.
0	i don't understand all the reasons why.
0	we'll talk about that in a moment.
0	he'll decide by year's end he says.
0	and i missed on that one day.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	have you thought about that at all?
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	they become resistant to sprays and medicines.
0	that's scheduled to begin on friday night.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the president gets to make that decision.
0	let's start with romney's trip to ohio.
0	community activist alonzo washington joins us now.
0	you should have just brought your questions.
0	get the professionalism restored in the force.
0	how are they dealing with these challenges?
0	i mean what makes it so special?
0	it's another average day in corporate city.
0	it's awfully scary on so many levels.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and i heard most of michael's question.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	and your last one is to summarize.
0	if you choose not to you don't.
0	money does it always equal more votes?
0	for however long that rides you know?
0	there are many different types of retroviruses.
0	anger and denial and all that stuff.
0	do they think that's a sufficient number?
0	and it declined sharply during the recession.
0	there's no question they are lowering expectations.
0	they went in dressed in police uniforms.
0	i don't honestly worry about my privacy.
0	the montage includes house speaker john boehner.
0	he spoke to us from los angeles.
0	that's not the afghan people i know.
0	thank you for joining us as well.
0	most of his family's back in israel.
0	are there internal tensions within the administration?
0	we're still as vulnerable as we were.
0	nancy thanks very much for the call.
0	abdullah mahmoud is a retired government employee.
0	and this email question from patricia fletcher.
0	people will turn up totally fed up.
0	these are called phase zero conflict zones.
0	which means it's not worth his time.
0	all right that's bobby allyn from whyy.
0	they actually hunt down their victims literally.
0	yes ladies we've got to come together.
0	he will have won three major titles.
0	so where do you stand on this?
0	political economic environmental questions to be asked.
0	we call that the pottery barn crowd.
0	explain that pakistan part of the puzzle.
0	and we'll come out with a product.
0	well at least npr's joe palca was.
0	well the main thing is the privacy.
0	he made that clear in yesterday's comments.
0	i mean chicago south carolina texas kansas.
0	a high-tech apartment complex makes that possible.
0	there had been as   many as 60,000.
0	he cracked down early on on dissent.
0	jason why is apple making the switch?
0	well it's not myself who said that.
0	first of all a couple of points.
0	but they changed their minds in 1961.
0	they'reyou can't move without   tripping over them.
0	bill thanks very much for the call.
0	he joins us now from that city.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	i mean what are they looking for?
0	but that   doesn't mean it isn't real.
0	sears roebuck and company wouldn't hire him.
0	and we're going to see what happens.
0	and she said oh i'm a chemist.
0	you're listening to a humpback whale talking.
0	he spoke to us from san francisco.
0	they're just one of my favorite things.
0	so it's another grim day in anbar.
0	and the picture they painted was depressing.
0	and lately solar stocks have been following.
0	but we didn't receive any official response.
0	bhutan is shrouded in a himalayan mist.
0	mandalit del barco npr news new york.
0	so those this generation missed those days.
0	i don't think i've confronted that yet.
0	so that is unfortunately not the case.
0	that has to be paid somewhere right?
0	and those are her own personal views.
0	we recognize this as a humanitarian situation.
0	liberia is a part of american history.
0	will you just all three introduce yourself?
0	claudia how did senators receive all this?
0	and how was the ancient world policed?
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	what is his place in the senate?
0	mike rogers former republican congressman from michigan.
0	he's a professor at yale medical school.
0	here with more is dr. sydney spiesel.
0	chris thanks very much for the call.
0	david schaper npr news in springfield illinois.
0	but he doubts the channel can survive.
0	here is a clip of that interview.
0	there is this something called incognito mode.
0	yes ma'am up there at the microphone.
0	that's tomorrow on talk of the nation.
0	npr's frank langfitt is covering this summit.
0	and gradually something happened to anat roth.
0	but they've made a ton of money.
0	you know there was a smooth abort.
0	npr's scott horsley is here in washington.
0	and broadcom simply wanted to be bigger.
0	corruption though is obviously the big deal.
0	so it was not a trivial storm.
0	first of all what does it do?
0	what are they doing with those houses?
0	it seemed to make sense to me.
0	planet of the apes: the legacy collection.
0	it's just not what he'd hoped for.
0	here's jewly hight of member station wpln.
0	you can see it permeating the work.
0	federal immigration enforcement officials are not pleased.
0	and his folk songs are just beautiful.
0	and so cold will be a factor.
0	so it affects in every possible way.
0	decisive the thing that tipped the balance.
0	kennedy likes the look of the product.
0	so ted did that answer your concern?
0	i mean you've understated the wealth really.
0	it is happening in india this week.
0	let's go next to this is oki.
0	i'm sorry i didn't hear your comment.
0	first up we'll hear from shannon jackson.
0	well scott jaschik anybody can calculate that?
0	yes he said the first since 1902.
0	is there anything the government can do?
0	one is we have a housing shortage.
0	there's more coming on day to day.
0	but we know a couple of things.
0	the first three pews are burned through.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	a small cemetery surrounds this community church.
0	you know this was just announced yesterday.
0	the woman jessica says was incredibly angry.
0	gender-affirming care is in his words sex-denying.
0	he's just a rotten alcoholic i'm afraid.
0	has walker responded to any of this?
0	you cannot function right without your water.
0	that's npr's julie mccarthy in new delhi.
0	so deirdre senate reconvenes 10 o'clock tomorrow.
0	so yes labor market clearly has turned.
0	why couldn't he have named david brooks?
0	let's go to shelby in moreno valley.
0	we will fight when we must fight.
0	we've explored the surface of the planet.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	can you turn the television on there?
0	i think they probably served food too.
0	it is kind of like a puzzle.
0	he says germans want peace in europe.
0	ok john brennan was pretty clear there.
0	and so i went to the newsroom.
0	yeah this isn't some sprawling white-lab-coat affair.
0	terrence thanks very much with the call.
0	so i didn't know what to do.
0	they closed the investigation no discrimination here.
0	no one expects him to step down.
0	you know i'm stuck on the vinegar.
0	the cycle of death and birth continues.
0	of course there have been earthquakes before.
0	but the school was at berkeley california.
0	if you've donated on these sites why?
0	and suing the government of saudi arabia.
0	alicia thanks very much for the call.
0	he didn't go as a last resort.
0	singing we can teach anyone to sing.
0	they might be the victims of abuse.
0	and so let's start where we are.
0	first of all he doesn't carry balances.
0	our final question comes from elizabeth tenny.
0	audie cornish npr news asheville north carolina.
0	he joined us today from new york.
0	i'm tired of singing other people's songs.
0	we're not going to lose additional institutions.
0	tell us what happened in that conversation.
0	it's certainly worth giving it a try.
0	i said i'm leaving in six hours.
0	and it was a really trying time.
0	you cannot have a military   solution here.
0	and i'm a chicano myself mexican american.
0	but first we turn to rochelle garza.
0	everybody has been greeting everybody with love.
0	this is not just the mueller report.
0	i got some of the crowd out.
0	if you give me just a second.
0	there's two ways for that to happen.
0	can you just describe what you've seen?
0	and it's morning edition from npr news.
0	families say they lost thousands in cash.
0	there is also the issue of race.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	this is the 007 of cell phones.
0	he probably won't get a primary challenge.
0	rami   khouri joins us from beirut lebanon.
0	bill's on the line from tallmadge ohio.
0	but he didn't do it last night.
0	you were with the 82nd airborne division.
0	thanks for playing the puzzle with us.
0	how was it performing against the variant?
0	you should play the lottery this week.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	but here's why officials there are alarmed.
0	there were armed soldiers all over washington.
0	nobody knows how many crimes they solve.
0	there was seemingly less to fight against.
0	there weren't any weapons of mass destruction.
0	you just heard greg feifer say this.
0	hello rachel nice to talk to you.
0	and i do think that helps obama.
0	zuckerberg acknowledged his company had messed up.
0	npr's alina selyukh is back with us.
0	well ed you're not the only person.
0	new orleans gets flooded from regular rainfall.
0	in fact there were several of them.
0	we don't make teachers smoke in schoolrooms.
0	and it's 18 minutes past the hour.
0	they   have a lot of foreign reserves.
0	so he needed to find another issue.
0	they have been shutting down some accounts.
0	i mean what are you facing there?
0	matthew korman good luck with the handbook.
0	why are we seeing fires this destructive?
0	so that would be the best situation.
0	and it's the same thing you know.
0	npr's peter kenyon has more from baghdad.
0	well for now we can only guess.
0	it's a leek a whole stuffed leek.
0	concerns that these prisoners   have been tortured?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we'll be back after a short break.
0	can you tell us how that happened?
0	i mean how's the government justifying this?
0	the brigadier is convinced mehsud is dead.
0	but this week comes a new idea.
0	and that was a pretty serious offense.
0	what's the word and what's the sentence?
0	it is essentially the nation's credit card.
0	the debris is heavy with sea water.
0	general clark wants nato to   send troops.
0	ralston hyman is an economist in kingston.
0	and our number as i say 800-989-8255.
0	for that i'm bringing in brittany spanos.
0	i am a child of american culture.
0	andrea thanks very much for the call.
0	did it amount to tampering with evidence?
0	my latino partners always called uncle tom.
0	i'm just trying to ride it out.
0	how much trouble is your office in?
0	you have this window of opportunity available.
0	and dahlia first of all welcome back.
0	what does that forgiveness mean to you?
0	i mean i live in a swamp.
0	and he laid it out for me.
0	in other words to the west bank.
0	i always wanted to be a doctor.
0	tom's with us from pine bluff arkansas.
0	madeleine has an interview in a moment.
0	how do you combat something like that?
0	that's a he's in the mirage now.
0	i want to look like everyone else.
0	and you mentioned careers made and broken.
0	seoul is an incredibly modern high-tech place.
0	it just went pfft just like that.
0	let's go to fredericksburg virginia and tim.
0	and joining us now is mark reilly.
0	no no it's not possible no time.
0	oh well that would be very attractive.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you surely have your glasses with you?
0	suddenly there were thousands in the streets.
0	he's here having breakfast with his nephew.
0	i mean what's wrong with the comparison?
0	they want to elect their own government.
0	and we're thinking about our soldiers there.
0	the auto tune idea was totally rostam.
0	we do a lot of heroic things.
0	it makes for a good applause line.
0	and four months later we had challenger.
0	remember repeal and replace repeal and replace.
0	so does minister of refugees jamaher anwari.
0	here's someone i met outside the courthouse.
0	in the past this is not new.
0	my next guest underwater explorer robert ballard.
0	and the science questions are quite compelling.
0	looking back we all make choices right?
0	did you see it the same way?
0	how widely held is that negative view?
0	good to be with you again ira.
0	so it sits in a paper sack?
0	these are dramas centered in the family.
0	and what recipe is it used for?
0	which won a grammy by the way.
0	i mean all the raps had been.
0	npr's mike shuster joins us from seoul.
0	do you mind if i retrieve it?
0	that's nothing compared to the backscatter   machine.
0	it's interesting you mentioned that supermodel look.
0	katz explained this idea with an example.
0	and you need of course extraordinary events.
0	he says it violates the second amendment.
0	there's a prosecutor and a defense attorney.
0	just my bell got rung pretty good.
0	oil and arms would be the means.
0	tell us about the person in custody.
0	so what is going on joe mcquaid?
0	the state offered no explanation no apology.
0	i think we've got to do better.
0	and those investigations are ongoing right now?
0	right right exactly and it never happens.
0	well chancellor merkel is enjoying unprecedented support.
0	she wouldn't see them for another year.
0	is that what you're talking about there?
0	some of them have forgotten his name.
0	thanassis who's 28 works as an accountant.
0	i know i feel defeated walking in.
0	you know i don't know about that.
0	john welcome to talk of the nation.
0	but first can we trust the polls?
0	mohamed alammary was a father of three.
0	woody allen and julie kavner of course.
0	he joins us on the line now.
0	are things gearing up for a convention?
0	and that's where the real concerns lie.
0	sometimes though it's not just cultural differences.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	hillary clinton could actually prevail in indiana.
0	i take a taxi to see him.
0	well that's the fun part about it.
0	canterbury is of course where you're from.
0	steven thanks very much for the call.
0	i looked it up on the internet.
0	so you have several criteria of vulnerability.
0	the concentration seems to be eastern baghdad.
0	i think that comes with the turf.
0	and i suspect that's a good thing.
0	they may make a case for themselves.
0	so we're seeing those kinds of pitches.
0	they had hoped dickerson could stabilize that.
0	a lot of it has been wasted.
0	do you think there are these real?
0	hollingshead left the army early this year.
0	here's npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg.
0	nearly three dozen health plans submitted bids.
0	they are worried about a crowd period.
0	and do we the u.s. need them?
0	yeah and i think it's really spectacular.
0	i teach elementary middle and high school.
0	it could be a call to action.
0	griff witte is from the washington post.
0	jai thanks very much for the call.
0	here's north country public radio's david sommerstein.
0	and frank what drew you to them?
0	well let me tell you something else.
0	we'll be back in just a minute.
0	i'd buy this house just like that.
0	clinton did well in those late primaries.
0	the eiffel tower is an iconic symbol.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	when are we going to start playing?
0	do those kind of bargains really exist?
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	sorry i did not read your book.
0	and what distinguishes you from the incumbent?
0	it's more technical and using your brain.
0	it's the road warrior with mel gibson.
0	for 70 years it worked that way.
0	and of course that probe continues today.
0	and somehow staying unwarped professional and decent.
0	the prices start going down quite significantly.
0	so the only one left is canada.
0	she asks what should we be buying?
0	william fry is one of these investors.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	you can hear how low-key he is.
0	everyone was in a state of shock.
0	it's his research that says that lindey.
0	jury selection is underway in pittsburgh today.
0	downtown new orleans may also reopen soon.
0	i was at one of her meet-and-greets.
0	that's an issue of love of neighbor.
0	which is a very narrow little channel.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	i say that because you are azar.
0	so these are really some chocking numbers.
0	about 84 percent will actually be working.
0	it's a generic name in two words.
0	clearly there's lots of room for improvement.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they heard what sounded like a gunshot.
0	did you feel this earthquake in tokyo?
0	like jacki bronicki's father douglas harlow brown.
0	the treatment was simple lots of fluids.
0	the problem is they're really caught here.
0	he's been in town a long time.
0	mr. okobi later died at a hospital.
0	i'm worried you all have something left.
0	well let's keep with the green-clad teams.
0	and where does it go from there?
0	boston college though sees it somewhat differently.
0	my son filmed that says amira proudly.
0	paris is trying to solve a problem.
0	and i'm glad that you mentioned the.
0	i'm lynn neary in for renee montagne.
0	the iraqis on the street know it.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you don't get fresh air in there.
0	after the recession gold prices got crazy.
0	saleck with us from louisville in kentucky.
0	what is the mood amid all this?
0	i'm not sure what that is dmitri.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	obviously these things are hard to confirm.
0	so remind us of last week's challenge.
0	do you know why this is happening?
0	spills are only part of the problem.
0	four of them have visited the convention.
0	are we going to watch her tonight?
0	amongst themselves or with the white house?
0	communication is incredibly important in those situations.
0	they don't   interrupt the projects too much.
0	does he mean something to you personally?
0	mark with us from moline in illinois.
0	let's not go down that road again.
0	and so it became enbrel enabling really.
0	good poor or no chance at all?
0	that is the scene in paris now.
0	maybe i'm being too anal about this.
0	he took a 7 4 over par.
0	this is travis travis calling from louisville.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that was the major issue for her.
0	it just puts people out of work.
0	this was used to move pump jacks.
0	so you know it could be anywhere.
0	about 23 percent including soda are recycled.
0	sell your junk in a garage sale.
0	now to those tornados in the midwest.
0	well tell us more about younis tsouli.
0	it's sort of mystical said del dago.
0	i am a stalwart of the stalwarts.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	our sodas went from $1.69 to $1.79.
0	now i said that the law expired.
0	fifty-five percent of americans now support obamacare.
0	that has to be the last word.
0	but look the hispanic community is diverse.
0	what we don't know we don't know.
0	let's take another caller here as well.
0	being   afraid's not gonna get you nowhere.
0	or would i have some problems afterwards?
0	more of your calls in a moment.
0	call and tell us why you write.
0	you are a retired command sergeant major.
0	we need to be careful don't we?
0	israel has weighed in on the conference.
0	and there's been limited challenge to that.
0	what does it mean for the u.s.?
0	lapp describes himself as a mad visionary.
0	he's been charged with forming a government.
0	very few people are outside he says.
0	witnesses have included attorney general alberto gonzalez.
0	how did latin jazz come to be?
0	thanks very much for the call bruce.
0	and he said he had a confession.
0	i mean that's what you're there for.
0	so obviously that's for their own consumption.
0	like how where does the emotion lie?
0	it's not really another health care bill.
0	you know it happens to other people.
0	maya thanks so much for joining us.
0	he had a pretty long arrest record.
0	could there be more out there possible?
0	we want to hear from veterans today.
0	but we had a very nice dinner.
0	let me get another call in here.
0	good to hear from you again adam.
0	and it will come down to this.
0	npr's joel rose is covering this story.
0	it's supposed to be an impartial body.
0	and i asked him a simple question.
0	and the follies survives on ticket sales.
0	that's not what you're supposed to do.
0	i guess it opens formally on sunday.
0	a banner headline had only one word.
0	why is recess for you guys important?
0	i said i have to do it.
0	josh thanks very much for the call.
0	well talk about those almost a million.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	my husband has a little problem though.
0	everybody thought that sounds like a gun.
0	and meyers says there's another big draw.
0	i mean again these aren't my words.
0	he joins us on the line now.
0	like i'm not going to lecture you.
0	and especially the name calling you know?
0	that's i think one of the question.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	thank you for speaking with us sir.
0	bill thanks very much for the call.
0	it's a different brand of cream-filled cakes.
0	joshua clover teaches english literature at uc-davis.
0	this is open my eyes by nazz.
0	but because of covid it was virtual.
0	he's all for the more limited rules.
0	he's also studying how that affects sharks.
0	no. i mean i don't think so.
0	this is really a fake election campaign.
0	we don't have a final result yet.
0	but there wasn't a ton to do.
0	i mean the rhetorics just don't match.
0	i mean he's such a brilliant producer.
0	this is part of a larger story.
0	then he went on to defend trump.
0	none of it rings true to me.
0	sweden has proposed there be a tribunal.
0	and this is my little girl lauren.
0	let's stay in paris for a moment.
0	german chancellor angela merkel is in washington.
0	thinking of visiting ithaca n.y. this winter?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it matters because of the terrorism argument.
0	and i'm thinking in particular of driving.
0	robert with us from minden in nevada.
0	what should president obama do in syria?
0	it's highlighted the corruption and the dysfunctionality.
0	because of what the story is right.
0	we're on a 34-footer called dig it.
0	you know i feel afraid for that.
0	it's been a big issue across europe.
0	when did you first start getting sick?
0	news you can use in other words.
0	has that been the case this week?
0	hake is one of their favorite foods.
0	i thought for sure he's lost everything.
0	newborn babies have a lot of those.
0	it was really it was very intense.
0	illinois voter thalan doherty has one question.
0	that's a one-day embryo right there yeah.
0	and call forwarding doesn't sound very complicated.
0	so it's not looking very good scott.
0	there still is a three-level appeal process.
0	this is company madeleine called wald w-a-l-d.
0	but it's coming and that worries me.
0	and there was an al d'amato button.
0	ken rudin is with us as always.
0	thank you so much for coming in.
0	but on paper though she is latino.
0	so here's what we know so far.
0	how do you make the water faster?
0	we're members of kunc in greeley colorado.
0	are we almost out of time here?
0	and even in massachusetts that's not popular.
0	in some areas overwhelming will mean obliteration.
0	and that is very new for syria.
0	john with us from ironwood in michigan.
0	meanwhile congressional investigators continue to examine solyndra.
0	the immediate reaction is: oh he's gay.
0	mr. crawford thanks for showing us around.
0	at the extreme it can be debilitating.
0	it was a really big roadside bomb.
0	well peter overby thank you very much.
0	we wanna get stories from our callers.
0	it seemed the status quo was back.
0	and another big issue was climate change.
0	well that's david's touch of genius there.
0	something like this is highly unusual though.
0	so happy to have you with us.
0	so it was all pretty questionable anyway.
0	is that the key to putin's longevity?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	those were the sounds that soothed me.
0	it's just too early to tell though.
0	it's already new year's there isn't it?
0	it'll have parenting classes about relationships codependency.
0	they are supporting us just for change.
0	that's npr's eleanor beardsley in donetsk ukraine.
0	and he says what do you mean?
0	we tend to take an anthropological approach.
0	it was not selling in the back.
0	and you think of them that way.
0	there were angry words punches and shoves.
0	he named it joe's gold and silver.
0	well i enjoy   being here with you.
0	from colorado public radio ben markus reports.
0	he hosted them at the white house.
0	and we're sort of starting from scratch.
0	oh thank you for taking my call.
0	the third is due out this summer.
0	now it's trying to become something else.
0	so what can you do for us?
0	that's npr health policy correspondent julie rovner.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	did the government simply fail to respond?
0	i would too if i were you.
0	that's ambassador hill this week in baghdad.
0	i didn't think i stood a chance.
0	so this is what we are doing.
0	no one knows where this is going.
0	it was going to improve her standing.
0	hanin al ebrahim is a 22-year old.
0	a government that will secure their rights.
0	sarah thanks very much for the question.
0	and to my eyes they looked uncomfortable.
0	president trump has made an unusual choice.
0	and i'm like she has the context.
0	but thanks for making me feel better.
0	and o'rourke seems to be doing that.
0	but it's segregation was and still is.
0	it has to be worth their popularity.
0	listen out for her starting on monday.
0	we'll be back in just a minute.
0	but there was already a rate cut.
0	how many of your colleagues use this?
0	they took the water from the sea.
0	how much time do you have renee?
0	so there seems to be a trend.
0	and for some parents that's a stretch.
0	that's going to lead to more crime.
0	he covers the whole continent eric westervelt.
0	thank you for speaking with us sir.
0	selling guns is like selling vacuum cleaners.
0	viktor bout had no concerns about insurance.
0	he joined us here at studio 3a.
0	it was the oh it's nobody moment.
0	i'm neal conan this is npr news.
0	well we don't do that at least.
0	or his other home in san diego.
0	this character that influence our architecture too.
0	but they are small keychain-attached television remotes.
0	we talk to people of long experience.
0	i'm going to give you some words.
0	does this hurt kadima and help likud?
0	it just was not a good property.
0	the crooks don't take a day off.
0	we have to take a short break.
0	those are the most horrifying i think.
0	relations with europe had kind of frayed.
0	this email from zoe in orleans massachusetts.
0	last year that number dropped to 820.
0	david what do you think about that?
0	what prompted you to do so now?
0	attorney general eric holder started to respond.
0	and explain the players in this story.
0	from my car i spot two women.
0	here's how she explains the magazine's title.
0	my position on the decision is mixed.
0	they've branded us enough outlaws of love.
0	what kinds of advice do you offer?
0	i think guys are just getting scared.
0	she died on sunday at age 87.
0	what kind of volume do you do?
0	but i'm thinking we've seen this before.
0	oh it's a pleasure to be here.
0	you know my father is my father.
0	and he's here to talk about it.
0	and then different things start to happen.
0	he took one more class ballroom dancing.
0	so did you build the coop yourself?
0	chuck quirmbach of wisconsin public radio reports.
0	i think we lost michael's cell phone.
0	no. but hopefully we can deter it.
0	he serves on the senate agriculture committee.
0	roger lowenstein thank you for joining us.
0	so he's in for a rough ride.
0	some will be eligible for russian passports.
0	the facts of it can't be varnished.
0	so that's an increase of four percent.
0	teaching english teaching at the university level.
0	and what was the reason for it?
0	the bill intends to build a partnership.
0	jeremy sharrod is one of the pharmacists.
0	well there are a number of indicators.
0	stefan fatsis with the wall street journal.
0	it didn't taste like a bad idea.
0	and yet mr. netanyahu and again he's.
0	is all this a response to that?
0	steven spielberg are you listening to this?
0	i think that we should never forget.
0	think they do make their case actually.
0	it's a term many people find offensive.
0	he promised new measures to battle corruption.
0	the network plans 418 hours of coverage.
0	nominees i said all right nominees 800-989-8255.
0	how many do you make per week?
0	he's npr's senior strategist for social media.
0	i decided to cut school one day.
0	this one is the new yorker fountain.
0	so i'm not going to judge him.
0	john whitten iii practices law in sumner.
0	it's a tortoise and a hare race.
0	so what did obama have to say?
0	it's a violation of an adoptee's rights.
0	after a five-day trial they were acquitted.
0	and that is almost similar to everybody.
0	let's go next to this is joe.
0	that was a very emotional phone call.
0	an opportunity to set guidelines in this.
0	i would like to challenge one thing.
0	the benefits is limited if you want.
0	the entire experiences will never go away.
0	it's bad for burson-marsteller the pr company.
0	let me just give you an example.
0	let's get a listener on the line.
0	it involves not bombs but server space.
0	he certainly wasn't expecting this to happen.
0	debbie elliott npr news the mississippi delta.
0	have you ever been canoeing before ken?
0	i want to turn to north korea.
0	his announcement fell a little bit flat.
0	well i think that they are important.
0	he's not the first to suggest it.
0	citibank bank of america jpmorgan goldman sachs.
0	i mean it's just this horrifying image.
0	yes the peace treaty is in trouble.
0	it's even depressing going home for christmas.
0	i saw the premiere of this film.
0	that's an area that's held by rebels.
0	you have to have a work ethic.
0	he was a prolific user of voicemails.
0	i personally don't make new year's resolutions.
0	but i think that is so broad.
0	we have to pay the electricity bill.
0	desmond with us from san antonio texas.
0	to do otherwise is to insult them.
0	fred and david you agree with that?
0	but the roosevelt administration turned them aside.
0	my thank you for taking my call.
0	put this in perspective for our listeners.
0	she works them like a car salesman.
0	well no this is what i'm saying.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	she's serving one term and that's it.
0	but like dating there are always surprises.
0	it's pretty hard to turn back then.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	how would your family react to that?
0	jack welcome to talk of the nation.
0	they said get your butt in here.
0	he says that's necessary for real accountability.
0	the humor is great genuinely funny stuff.
0	beverly everson is a forest service geologist.
0	dr. campbell thanks for talking with us.
0	how are people coping with the disaster?
0	so i optimistically i would say yes.
0	i guess it's not a surprise though.
0	david greene npr news the white house.
0	what are the big games this week?
0	she'd been walking with friends outside school.
0	there's a lot of politics in this.
0	there's a link to it at npr.
0	polls show they overwhelmingly support barack obama.
0	ken hello and what's the trivia question?
0	they know the pigeons is my life.
0	what is clear something has been created.
0	what's on the agenda for these talks?
0	roger thanks very much for the call.
0	what exactly is the justice department investigating?
0	and it isn't always a little circle.
0	he's spokesman for the israeli foreign ministry.
0	at the end of the clinton administration.
0	i've had them yes called them in.
0	that's what we can know for sure.
0	what do you guys have in common?
0	it was a few years ago that.
0	now i'm still doing this same idea.
0	that night at home father confronted son.
0	and i want to fight the occupation.
0	he joins us by telephone from manchester.
0	well i'm sorry it's so bleak jennifer.
0	it might have been a beta episode.
0	in fact leave all of it alone.
0	in the sense of a physical term.
0	we have to end it here but.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and we are a bag of fluids.
0	let's go next to this is tim.
0	with us is juan manuel garcia passalacqua.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well we'll have to see about that.
0	i think i think it's called romnesia.
0	and so ted cruz is being authentic.
0	but theyeah i mean you never know.
0	from npr west it's all things considered.
0	doctors aren't sure where flores contracted zika.
0	and then you'll be here for dinner.
0	it's not like a complete all-is-lost situation.
0	how low are we going to get?
0	oh one of these periodic table questions.
0	i was very very happy with it.
0	let's go to owen in kenai alaska.
0	anurima how do you respond to that?
0	the power of the mirror is huge.
0	she pulls out a stack of photos.
0	but first they need to learn how.
0	and you did it north to south.
0	can that message be delivered to minnesotans?
0	and i would say what's going on?
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	it's called weekends on all things considered.
0	i didn't lose my mind in it.
0	and so this time women are involved.
0	i haven't gotten to larry whiteside yet.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	and there mark may have a point.
0	now many of them are facing deportation.
0	so you're looking for warehouse labor work?
0	i really liked how smart mike was.
0	npr's greg allen reports from fort lauderdale.
0	we're talking this hour about greener cars.
0	there are jews who believe in pluralism.
0	tells us where what you're up to.
0	we were the only white kids there.
0	others were literally hanging in the trees.
0	i think that's dangerous in american society.
0	i think that may be a misunderstanding.
0	they have sort of similar pop-culture sensibilities.
0	francois menut will be one of them.
0	it was sort of a funny moment.
0	tell us how you met jim baggett.
0	and my family was white and jewish.
0	my dad thought like he was shocked.
0	and so their case gets decided quickly.
0	so it isn't that you don't sleep.
0	i went to sears at 7 a.m.
0	lauren frayer in madrid thanks so much.
0	and that consumes a lot of bandwidth.
0	you're more likely to have heart disease.
0	i have a fair shot at it.
0	sometimes sometimes i'm walking with my daughter.
0	we have had a very peaceful cruise.
0	i don't have to worry about opec.
0	chris thanks very much for the call.
0	i'm a big fan of craig ferguson's.
0	so we are sticking with that brand.
0	you know we have the business plan.
0	and the statistics don't bear that out.
0	i think we're accepted on the norm.
0	you're referring to janet reno the former.
0	i sat down and calculated 24.4 percent.
0	and when that happens women will suffer.
0	now that prompted the battle of fallujah.
0	i think these are very personal decisions.
0	do they say my mom's an intern?
0	but some scientists say it's certainly possible.
0	he certainly was not opposed to religion.
0	we don't even have government people there.
0	it's called the international peace operations association.
0	they abused us for waking them up.
0	peter thank you for being with us.
0	they justthey function so well within parameters.
0	and also with me is ollie gray.
0	and if anybody says otherwise they're lying.
0	my memory is great for everything else.
0	so i'm afraid that's a non-starter politically.
0	there's notheytheir goal is chaos in   iraq.
0	but deathbed education often gets short shrift.
0	do they believe america will instigate it?
0	they want to be like everybody else.
0	chuck thanks very much for the call.
0	yeah i dropped out of high school.
0	there are obviously thousands of schubert recordings.
0	and i'll take the comments off air.
0	are they sitting on big cash reserves?
0	it's a lot like an ice screw.
0	it was like how can this be?
0	and his argument was basically as follows.
0	what are they spending on clean technology?
0	none of us are any single thing.
0	we have to bring this country together.
0	the disease destroys people's kidneys incredibly quickly.
0	white house spokesman sean spicer is out.
0	and so the combination is very powerful.
0	senator mccain wants to return to that.
0	good afternoon thanks for taking my call.
0	let me just add to that though.
0	melody barnes is director of domestic policy.
0	christina thanks very much for the call.
0	the great brazilian's name is pronounced kaka.
0	they're big crank handles and the weights.
0	we also need coffee to be awake.
0	so that added a whole other twist.
0	we don't know where that money is.
0	and the bottom-line victims aren't the parents.
0	the first one took about a month.
0	thank you for bringing up this topic.
0	my cymbals are two metal trashcan lids.
0	i think he will survive this crisis.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	milan m-i-l-a-n plus d as in dog.
0	like i'm like dueting with people so.
0	it kind of looks like a saxophone.
0	this kid makes things happen out there.
0	you go ahead and get your 3b.
0	but a year later it happened again.
0	for that the agency still needs spies.
0	and this is requirement for your degree?
0	this is this needs to be protected.
0	and they're going to be major issues.
0	thanks very much for the call kathleen.
0	the protestors were saying let her speak.
0	thank you very much for inviting me.
0	what about those who covered them up?
0	and that is you know 22 months.
0	he has a lead of 262 votes.
0	toni great to have you back on.
0	washington d.c. for example has a court.
0	but i think eventually it will happen.
0	i think soft power definitely can work.
0	the cows are fat the horses calm.
0	those seem pretty generous numbers to me.
0	frank thanks so much for joining us.
0	so are we seeing any results yet?
0	we're talking about a national palestinian government.
0	one was jo ann   emerson of missouri.
0	let's hear from ray in sunbury georgia.
0	and joining us today is christine rittenour.
0	sometimes those editors ask some difficult questions.
0	we want to hear from catholics today.
0	jacob thanks very much for the advice.
0	dutch elm disease took care of that.
0	garay says trump will rebuild the military.
0	that costs billions of dollars each year.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	ive seen that happen a few times.
0	we spoke with anita tucker again yesterday.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	he is not my puppet uribe says.
0	well soapy smith was a wonderful character.
0	that was the first discussion we had.
0	my story was always a straight story.
0	i have two answers to that question.
0	democrats do hand-wringing really well don't they?
0	some are covered most are open-air rides.
0	i've switched to the christian standard bible.
0	it's due to be released november   15th.
0	the candidate says they are just acquaintances.
0	and the business of serving intervention compositions.
0	we did have consultations with south africa.
0	has the vatican had an official response?
0	i have been traveling for nine months.
0	one by one the women   introduce themselves.
0	this is what they paid them for.
0	well syria definitely is the most complex.
0	he talked at length about this tree.
0	well they're pulling in from myriad sources.
0	they're your heroes that go and rescue.
0	and it's certainly not helped my career.
0	and chris moore what's your next book?
0	i knew about the group especially recently.
0	what about what they have to cover?
0	i never thought of it as angry.
0	they're obviouslythey're at the   space station now.
0	i mean your caller said what changed.
0	and you were in the green zone.
0	and of course they were not vetted.
0	maureen thanks very much for the call.
0	the novelist called it a positive step.
0	but they kept repeating the same   things.
0	eli thanks very much for joining us.
0	ah i thought i wrote that joke.
0	and rob stein from npr's science desk.
0	and the opportunities are here for anyone.
0	and they are very reluctant about regulation.
0	but the other point is the economy.
0	today the search for bodies will continue.
0	what did your mom and dad do?
0	fighting continues in the nation's capital tripoli.
0	africom is a disastrous issue for africa.
0	i imagine we'll see it again somewhere.
0	iraqi kurdistan has had a referendum before.
0	he is known as mr. ten percent.
0	they're often a problem for law enforcement.
0	but there was no disputing bear's success.
0	you know do you want to talk?
0	you did your time now you're out.
0	they're paying a price within the region.
0	yes thank you i enjoy the show.
0	it was like a country at war.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and is it going to travel around?
0	also join the conversation at that website.
0	that's not a teleporter it's an elevator.
0	well he said he was too busy.
0	her story's been there for the taking.
0	i mean he never said anything anti-american.
0	that kind of thing is so widespread.
0	but they care more about other things.
0	why would we evolve to do this?
0	and then the november 2016 election happened.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	if we want to override our bias.
0	and that became difficult after a while?
0	it's also not a free market idea.
0	oh so the democrats would be divided.
0	the president is there and influencing everything.
0	you got up took kids to school.
0	in fact the roadmap has gone nowhere.
0	a relief for perez and for teachers.
0	you wouldn't take them to grocery stores.
0	he's a plumber and father of five.
0	that's actually things like the alligator yeah.
0	so of course the infrastructure has recovered.
0	he's here in our new york studios.
0	for now things will remain status quo.
0	solomon himself would have problems with this.
0	he wanted to work on anti-dogfighting campaigns.
0	jeffri says 44 percent live rent-controlled housing.
0	well george didn't see it that way.
0	she wants to bring in foreign doctors.
0	we've seen this over and over again.
0	our playground and park was white only.
0	does someone else give it to them?
0	they're now checking them all every day.
0	we thank him for his time today.
0	why was that not the right plan?
0	but he certainly didn't stay above it.
0	i just have nobody to speak to.
0	they're really part of our germ line.
0	it's stocked with rows of plastic bins.
0	that's the worst of the detroit companies.
0	we did too for the 50th anniversary.
0	npr's carrie kahn is with us now.
0	michael what do you think   about that?
0	that's what we do as an organization.
0	but there's no evidence they're not safe.
0	the high court ruled in sawyer's favor.
0	it's a microscopic market of course but.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	why couldn't we do that to oneida?
0	it's not going to be a miracle.
0	and also where's kobe going you know?
0	i'll send a boat to fetch you.
0	like it all makes perfect sense now.
0	it's like a flaming scimitar to me.
0	then-governor of michigan george romney felt helpless.
0	well right and more than just one.
0	sarah with us from trumbull in connecticut.
0	indian culture including language was widely suppressed.
0	george was big and strong even then.
0	and i was like no not here.
0	so these registries   are frankly not working.
0	grammar is foreign to most native speakers.
0	that's sector guardian in a nutshell okay.
0	and joining us now is dahlia lithwick.
0	a user logs on to a game.
0	hopefully maybe you'll send us some pictures.
0	it's been a bit hit in europe.
0	what are your memories of school integration?
0	we're talking about religion and public life.
0	she joins us on the line again.
0	at what point would people   be evicted?
0	but democrats are worried about the delay.
0	miners dug coal above and below ground.
0	some programs we started didn't work out.
0	let's hear a little bit from that.
0	it's even being made into a film.
0	and he's not on the ballot either.
0	if that is you you're not alone.
0	and therefore he'd take a night off.
0	we beat your ass too in '76.
0	they're also from sudan and other countries.
0	at times they've even restrained police officers.
0	from new orleans npr's greg allen reports.
0	on that note what's next for you?
0	does that play into the current negotiations?
0	well we have to test that again.
0	thank you you have a great day.
0	we also know it's close hold scott.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	they have only evidence for the impeachment.
0	we are part of the united states.
0	so you've been and are a mother.
0	he will be ahead in pledged delegates.
0	why from the american point of view?
0	specialists doctors anything even around my area.
0	do we know anything about president mugabe?
0	donna brazile let's look at the list.
0	but how did this hole get there?
0	and now to the u.s. presidential race.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	and the truth is we always did.
0	is there any doubt about his claims?
0	gizmo perhaps has of the same meaning.
0	you know it really runs the gamut.
0	the company also makes two other colors.
0	steve thanks very much for the call.
0	of the girlfriend of the great man.
0	the philosophy behind it is very simple.
0	rube goldberg of course the crackpot inventor.
0	from new orleans npr's greg allen reports.
0	but that doesn't cut it for harvey.
0	the economy in northern california has improved.
0	you know that would work for me.
0	it's not like a flashy mating dance.
0	and dina i was hoping you could.
0	but forgiveness has been anything but robust.
0	but prime minister maliki wants blackwater out.
0	that's certainly an active area of work.
0	and let's get mike on the line.
0	and you went to your sister's who's.
0	the chief justice was the deciding vote.
0	marah strauch produced and directed the film.
0	certainly they could embrace each other's bills.
0	but i think kenyans are looking inwards.
0	it thought paulson was on its side.
0	the chant eventually drowned out dewine's remarks.
0	you're still not convicted of a crime.
0	it all depends on the writer themselves.
0	i said hey don't worry about it.
0	here $5,000 still is the small money.
0	that comes from the minnesota twin study.
0	dogs bark at the passing military convoy.
0	he's named it the star of thelma.
0	civil rights leaders certainly worry about that.
0	i should say his most recent book.
0	was it just another real estate deal?
0	nicole karsch is one of the organizers.
0	you can land runway one at teterboro.
0	and it's not just south africa's problem.
0	lashonda clemons is finishing up her lunch.
0	i have been there from the beginning.
0	i'm sorry it had to happen but.
0	and we're not out of the woods.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	david savage we'll talk to you then.
0	they still don't make the big bucks.
0	i think black folks like their christmas.
0	it's a busy life we're talking about.
0	and there's no end in sight there.
0	well there's a fundamental aspect to it.
0	should people be concerned about the whistleblower?
0	what about the reverend jeremiah wright controversy?
0	is that a little like herding cats?
0	so you can watch sports from espn.
0	sorry lee i had to jump in.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	and i've emailed colleagues about this experience.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well he said keep the line open.
0	and our cooperatives didn't do very well.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	welcome back to the program dr. yeomans.
0	that could happen in north carolina too.
0	the prosecutor gave his closing arguments yesterday.
0	well it took me a few days.
0	it's all the same to the victim.
0	i'm not sure i know the answer.
0	i just really want to say this.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	ari shapiro npr news the white house.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we have to do everything we can.
0	i want to bring our troops home.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the wpa interviews were conducted by historians.
0	i'm going to say thank you jesus.
0	i love having you on my team.
0	a big home only takes two hours?
0	he was a bit of an entrepreneur.
0	carol anthony says her mother was mortified.
0	they come in and they spend money.
0	i don't know all the logistical details.
0	he's been a national leader on that.
0	go to the flipside of this conversation.
0	well how do you understand this then?
0	it could be any kind of drop.
0	you know i've had it with africa.
0	what are people writing about on that?
0	i mean they clearly think it doesn't.
0	and that incorporates a lot of air.
0	theresa may is real frustrated right now.
0	everything was you know nice and friendly.
0	that's congressman phil roe republican of tennessee.
0	he wanted to appear tough on crime.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it would not have occurred to me.
0	but you were also doing classical theater.
0	and we'll have more in a moment.
0	there is talk of rain hitting down.
0	bernanke might have to be even better.
0	you really can't talk about race particularly.
0	and i'm afraid she's right about that.
0	china's not waiting to revamp its economy.
0	there was no wrongdoing on his part.
0	with specks in it of undetermined origin.
0	but division doesn't serve anybody he says.
0	the teddy bear kneels down speaks softly.
0	then getting over that takes all night.
0	the woman asked to be called ann.
0	these are big days for shiite muslims.
0	we could treat everybody with current therapy.
0	she was such a support for you.
0	you used google earth satellite imagery drones.
0	this is the centerpiece of the exhibit.
0	wade goodwyn npr news st. george utah.
0	but obviously amazon wasn't just a bookstore.
0	i don't think it's a huge deal.
0	i thank you all   for joining us.
0	just as part of the games yeah.
0	let's let bill talk for a second.
0	the nurse immediately said yes of course.
0	but that's a fun problem we have.
0	they   also see the civil rights struggle.
0	anyway let's see if we can go.
0	how are you going to survive now?
0	he'll join us in just a moment.
0	officers responded within seconds within 30 seconds.
0	rarely have these even gone to court.
0	battered aging peugeot sedans serve as taxis.
0	this where do you put the conversation?
0	so what do you make of that?
0	and we'll see if donald trump can.
0	what did you make of the program?
0	and how is this resonating with voters?
0	let me ask michael and denise first.
0	we have a couple of minutes left.
0	homosexuals tend to be preoccupied with sex.
0	if i could say i think the.
0	how big a win do democrats need?
0	he shot 62 percent from the field.
0	when off-the-hook characters do something you notice.
0	and sometimes this can be quite extreme.
0	i was coerced or i was confused.
0	so that's probably too common a story.
0	but the investigation into them is ongoing.
0	the shiites have an arab shiite champion.
0	i can totally get the dessert right?
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	the 28-year-old father of three was killed.
0	my friend also had a hoodie on.
0	on mondays we read from your e-mail.
0	unfortunately we'll have to build it again.
0	okay that's npr's anthony kuhn in beijing.
0	studios owned their stars in those days.
0	and it seems like it's against us.
0	or you can drop us an email.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	it's targeting visitors from seven specific countries.
0	back to the pope and muslim community.
0	and i think that's a good thing.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	we're talking with npr host michel martin.
0	i that was exactly what it was.
0	you can also find us on twitter.
0	and mainly you know keep it honest.
0	we have a very strong competitive advantage.
0	we applied them at two different times.
0	it's time now for our africa update.
0	he once worked at the world bank.
0	he drapes his arm around his mom.
0	shawn hendrix is the senior vice president.
0	selwyn decides to begin with that floor.
0	again we always enjoy having you on.
0	give us a sense of the scale.
0	and he's given his military clear directions.
0	what does that mean in practical terms?
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	and let's get jenny on the line.
0	they can health care power of attorney.
0	very little at least to my face.
0	why just live with this in terror?
0	so i hope we don't disappoint you.
0	so it's another piece of bad news.
0	i always use a wheel of fortune.
0	we know the technical consultant on that.
0	i'm going to shock all you all.
0	thanks very much for the call bill.
0	another change the election of donald trump.
0	please send them our way at npr.
0	gord is with us from tucson arizona.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but npr's kelly mcevers was recently there.
0	it was a huge change for us.
0	and they eventually became very economically successful.
0	i'm talking about congresswoman carolyn cheeks kilpatrick.
0	so how did you figure it out?
0	kristin thanks so much for the call.
0	what's your best number do you think?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	it's a start in the right direction.
0	and so then that's the dementia phase.
0	mike thompson news director here at wosu.
0	so please be nice to one another.
0	npr's legal affair correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	that was you the americans canadians australians.
0	that's the easiest way to explain it.
0	that you were going to be something.
0	and that'd be certainly a big leap.
0	well let me get jamie in here.
0	how do people polled feel about that?
0	nice of you to join us today.
0	well neil and jamie thanks so much.
0	thanks for taking my phone call neal.
0	do you feel they were adequately prepared?
0	they're very very against the american presence.
0	we're discussing the way ahead in iraq.
0	the weather obviously is an uncontrollable force.
0	her favorite game is hide and seek.
0	it goes through multiple rounds of review.
0	they just had an election in russia.
0	we didn't feel any malice towards him.
0	and that's not legal under federal law.
0	it's my favorite part   of the game.
0	i'll be truthful with you baby yes.
0	ophira thank you for playing the puzzle.
0	it's hard to describe how you feel.
0	he joins us on the line now.
0	john dickerson chief political correspondent for slate.
0	none of these things were politically popular.
0	inside government workers do know the drill.
0	i guess he's left the   show but.
0	i'd like to thank both of you.
0	bill thanks very much for the call.
0	and surf over to our web site.
0	they aren't used to making money arguments.
0	always good to talk to you rachel.
0	off the field they were completely different.
0	well that's back to the tough part.
0	does it look like people are leaving?
0	time now to tally up the score.
0	and their story seems to be changing.
0	they can't afford water a basic need.
0	and what are the modes of transport?
0	i don't think that's going to happen.
0	and not the right thing on monday.
0	but i'm so happy to meet you.
0	it's more bonus money in my pocket.
0	but i also include my email accounts.
0	he joins us from damu in washington.
0	it's the gene of freedom and liberty.
0	no but more than you might think.
0	and there was a lot of organization.
0	is there a concern there for you?
0	since then sandra o'connor has stepped down.
0	you know i really feel for him.
0	let me just put that out there.
0	we've been following the puzzle right along.
0	and let's do it again next wednesday.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	now i can tell i'm eating meat.
0	so will what's going in your life?
0	our weekly lunches turned into weekly skirmishes.
0	dwayne fife's complaint is a common one.
0	the other four are apparently still missing.
0	dr. compton thanks for being with us.
0	cramet grew up next to the plant.
0	how have the ratings been so far?
0	i don't think i don't think it's.
0	forty-three hundred dollars was the total bill.
0	ken rudin as always thanks very much.
0	yes we're coming up to a post.
0	so i think its a hand-in-glove deal.
0	and i was coming through the campus.
0	there was a big protest on sunday.
0	we still have people who are afraid.
0	when did the mbas come into it?
0	ken can you help us out here.
0	the pentagon again pushed back on this.
0	so what is this manifesto calling for?
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	he was someone who partied a lot.
0	are you still accepted in these circles?
0	from new york npr's robert smith reports.
0	so how'd you figure this one out?
0	i'm neal conan live in las vegas.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and remember when things had sides neal.
0	all those questions who are you seeing?
0	we just have to wait and see.
0	i'm going to be very very busy.
0	this is a very very interesting race.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	and its personal computing unit remains weak.
0	over two million people donate every year.
0	here's the really scary thing for baseball.
0	but 2010 was particularly rich for self-scrutiny.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	but these she says are important calls.
0	that's the reason i became i teacher.
0	that's kind of what kepler is doing.
0	so violence has dropped in the city?
0	i want to go to another email.
0	like a cold virus everyone gets it.
0	so there was not a concept then.
0	that includes things that are not structures.
0	others have been interrogated about possible ties.
0	so i'm not even going to try.
0	that's how you stay in the race.
0	why did you want to change it?
0	ross thanks very much for the call.
0	he's now executive editor of bloomberg opinion.
0	see him do phone interviews with reporters.
0	he raised $30,000 to make it happen.
0	you sing like a girl sort of.
0	we recommend that you dismiss the charges.
0	choking residents called it a gas attack.
0	so with that they each get that.
0	we've got to rev up this economy.
0	does that peaceful resistance include ongoing protests?
0	john you've written and you do movies.
0	can i ask you about this song?
0	this war is not about killing iraqis.
0	he has proof of what he's saying.
0	so here it goes i was wrong.
0	their cars were   obliterated in some cases.
0	i said lee what's going on man?
0	no not very often maybe some morels.
0	the raid caused intense arguments in utah.
0	it keeps coming up every few months.
0	there's required mental-health imparity in my plan.
0	little taught herself to play that bass.
0	cause of the crash is under   investigation.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	flora lichtman our multimedia editor thank you.
0	here's npr south america correspondent lourdes garcia-navarro.
0	my name is rae r-a-e scott s-c-o-t-t.
0	that's npr's jason beaubien in tulsa oklahoma.
0	nobody is going to do that again.
0	that was one of my favorite parts.
0	so you felt answerable you felt responsibility.
0	the budget is about the same size.
0	i absolutely hated what i was doing.
0	and alex vogel those are admitted weaknesses.
0	and i'll bet it's a lifetime experience.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	where do we stand with north korea?
0	i wanted we're running out of time.
0	bunting is usually a waste of time.
0	an idea ahead of its time perhaps.
0	it's great to be with   you steve.
0	you're thinking like a good marketer madeleine.
0	there's substantial evidence that exercise is important.
0	well first thank you for the suggestion.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	and south korea is still weighing evidence.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	he subverts the piece in that respect.
0	some of us just got living problems.
0	i'm ira flatow talking with david dunstan.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	so it's considered to be a graveyard.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	we're starting a masters program at ucsd.
0	and you know i'm thankful for it.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it came on about 7:15 this morning.
0	a little puffball the color of smoke.
0	like i said even walking was difficult.
0	and it's not like a dramatic decision.
0	we're going to take another call now.
0	steve thanks very much for the call.
0	we're coming up we're out of time.
0	that picture is it's the '70s fashions.
0	and air's a big enemy of beer.
0	jeff thanks very much for the call.
0	congresswoman tulsi gabbard is with us now.
0	yes and that's it's a reasonable argument.
0	and i'm kind of shocked at me.
0	it's made our job a lot harder.
0	npr's greg allen reports from boca raton.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	so you think it's just a misunderstanding?
0	but all these changes haven't come cheap.
0	day to day returns in a moment.
0	but everything starts obviously with the language.
0	npr's rob schmitz is in hong kong.
0	if it's not nobody's going to listen.
0	let's move on to the other case.
0	so that's the short answer for sure.
0	greg allen npr news boca raton florida.
0	that was you know a little give-away.
0	well instagram is primarily a visual platform.
0	so most of them are just imperceptible.
0	so i'm in like this enclosed pod.
0	that helps us definitely to go further.
0	a slap is the only good thing?
0	and they did it the right way.
0	but polio is probably his toughest sell.
0	but you don't see them very often.
0	in scotland nuclear weapons are not popular.
0	well you know that's the interesting story.
0	why is it called what it is?
0	hey scott we'll start with you first.
0	he's now guessing he'll get half that.
0	they can't get more obscure than that.
0	you really have to understand this one.
0	lauren thanks so much for joining us.
0	they'll get at most one day's rest.
0	oil and gas prices support the state.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	we don't have anything else to give.
0	well the mountain is pretty clouded in.
0	this is a woman that you liked?
0	a woman who liked you a lot.
0	thanks very much for the call melinda.
0	some members of congress share the concern.
0	and episodically we'll see this energy efficiency.
0	we just want to give you know.
0	well they can do it both ways.
0	melinda's with us from pueblo in colorado.
0	it's not like you're increasing the budget.
0	the family went on to accept him.
0	in the meantime let's turn to wisconsin.
0	last year september we go to china.
0	it's nice to speak with you again.
0	he's at the visitor's center at mt.
0	ben ali was in power in tunisia.
0	steve thanks very much for the call.
0	that decision is expected to take months.
0	why are these chemicals in the vaccine?
0	a bystander an innocent bystander is killed.
0	he was telling people to come out.
0	the governor doesn't want to do that.
0	well baratunde i got to tell you.
0	these women have don't have their ids.
0	but what's the thinking there right now?
0	they rarely tell someone anything for sure.
0	even though the economy shrunk last year.
0	when she read it alexandra was stunned.
0	i would like the firing squad please.
0	north country public radio's brian mann reports.
0	you had to shed your own blood.
0	what can we do for the family?
0	and that is not a game stopper.
0	they advertise a number to call in.
0	well i came when i was 12.
0	i mean that's all we looked for.
0	we'll have all the money we need.
0	please face each other and join hands.
0	you did spend some time with him.
0	so they were cleared really really quickly.
0	so farai would you like to respond?
0	nick is also related to daisy buchanan.
0	whoa you gotta turn your radio off.
0	on the mound fernandez was always smiling.
0	well it's definitely a very big one.
0	but none of them are culture specific.
0	for many loans aren't a great option.
0	you need to invest in your future.
0	they're using a dog for emotional fulfillment.
0	your hands are shaking a little bit.
0	that's ultimately why i left the mission.
0	today's really about caring commitment and responsibility.
0	but martin got hold of a copy.
0	you've lived in nigeria vietnam the philippines.
0	i wonder what you tell your children.
0	i'm glad to be on your show.
0	and nobody knew how to make it.
0	that's it owls o-w-l-s and fats f-a-t-s.
0	but i think he should be forgiven.
0	they didn't quite get to that point.
0	and we have phoebe in lafayette louisiana.
0	today is the 25th anniversary of mt.
0	president mr. president what did you see?
0	sadly history is full of such examples.
0	you moved to pittsburgh in 1978 right?
0	that's former secret service agent dan bongino.
0	he's been highly critical of the agency.
0	and all four are women of color.
0	he's here to talk more about it.
0	tell me what they were   doing there.
0	kerry met with zarif on the sidelines.
0	it's certainly possible that he'll be arrested.
0	well you know look you never know.
0	and how do you deal with that?
0	how about thousands and thousands of iguanas?
0	not when we get through with it.
0	so i'm still doing it that way.
0	that's very much like a real dog.
0	that is a failure that is inexcusable.
0	do i want to shoot this gun?
0	so it's a similar sort of thing.
0	usually the currency here moves very slowly.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	i've got both of these i think.
0	what are the prospects for that session?
0	but having that kind of discussion's important.
0	but he was convicted for plotting counterrevolution.
0	but at the end of the day.
0	and i kind of agree with them.
0	how long has this shop been here?
0	he did not look at the playbooks.
0	are you an advocate of no-broken-windows policies?
0	i know trey grayson and trust him.
0	we'll get a response from chief craig.
0	michaud moved home to maine in 1991.
0	why'd you call him the good rat?
0	how many years have i known you?
0	it's certainly not true for every planet.
0	and sports and discipline they are synonymous.
0	he's here to watch the boys compete.
0	phyllis calling us from rochester new york.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	i went to fedex i shipped it.
0	so i said thank you so much.
0	steve where did you hear that one?
0	looters have tried to break in repeatedly.
0	i mean i just couldn't believe it.
0	they can get counseling for substance abuse.
0	thank you guys for being with us.
0	they get more close to the reality.
0	well that's still a ways to come.
0	they were talking about terrorism political reform.
0	it turns out that wasn't the case.
0	i thought he was pulling my leg.
0	for one thing they get to exist.
0	here are a few of today's developments.
0	it has a direct impact on it.
0	i see it differently than the president.
0	the critics themselves are battling that out.
0	she thinks money is the reason why.
0	share your photos with us on instagram.
0	so that'll be right on the surface.
0	she was also at this morning's funeral.
0	she is a poet in her performances.
0	how do you feel about his win?
0	and i think that has been squandered.
0	there was about a $120 price difference.
0	is that what you suspect as well?
0	screens have been getting thinner and thinner.
0	it has to be submitted to congress.
0	we speak very quickly on the show.
0	and new clusters are constantly being identified.
0	she grew up eating mostly fast food.
0	but you've got to do it right?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i think we have to be realistic.
0	i didn't specify that it was acetaminophen.
0	i mean they've made this like terrible.
0	ladies and gentlemen i am very proud.
0	that gets to sort of longer-run factors.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	incidents of violence are down 84 percent.
0	let me get his name in here.
0	i mean we had dolly the sheep.
0	the excessive heat warning lasts through monday.
0	king gyanendra still has a few friends.
0	we did a bunch of activities right?
0	and then just to cool off smoothies.
0	rows of chairs are just dragged in.
0	he's wife is a very devout catholic.
0	how big was the quake last night?
0	hursel says it's not exactly clear what.
0	please put tickets in the subject line.
0	you got a thought a brief thought?
0	yesterday parliamentarians quizzed diamond for three hours.
0	accent recognition is not always that easy.
0	i call it the moment of discovery.
0	kerry made a brief public statement today.
0	this country actually has a vibrant media.
0	fast forward a few years to 2013.
0	jonathan thanks very much for the call.
0	my pleasure ira nice to be here.
0	i it's just like let's do it.
0	let's get some callers on the line.
0	well alison gopnik studies how children think.
0	did youhave you ever thought that strange?
0	you know i would emphasize her brilliance.
0	all right she's walking to the kitchen.
0	very good question but difficult to answer.
0	well tom perrotta thank you very much.
0	and that i think is tremendously worrying.
0	or just really really interested in it.
0	that's what i'm working on this week.
0	he is known to be conservative   correct?
0	shayna terrell is in a good mood.
0	thanks for being with us mr. leach.
0	takashi shibayama is a fish seller here.
0	and that's the safest place to be.
0	it is it's quite a striking moment.
0	ok samantha this first one's for you.
0	this is just bringing up old animosity.
0	so this place is normally a school?
0	well we should hear her describe this.
0	what member station do you listen to?
0	you have to expand on the concept.
0	we're going to take another break here.
0	so let me just establish something upfront.
0	well i think there are several rulings.
0	thanks for being with us mr. henderson.
0	gary and patty thank you so much.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well mr. hamdani you're certainly very brave.
0	it was hurting her as an artist.
0	that's kevin strickland the federal mine official.
0	boeing referred comments questions to the dhs.
0	ramazan was killed along with his father.
0	most are not in the united states.
0	the president did not at that time.
0	yes rabin is right and blank williams.
0	he writes the legal blog the asylumist.
0	but lisa says your friend needs you.
0	do you have all your moves down?
0	jason welcome to talk of the nation.
0	on this occasion their confidence was misplaced.
0	mike nussbaum has done a lot period.
0	exxonmobil is on trial in new hampshire.
0	you can't imagine how pleased i was.
0	and it was a lot of fun.
0	and she says that's really good sweetie.
0	what do you make of the charges?
0	now is such a time for me.
0	the whole street knew who i was.
0	he's produced like a billion television series.
0	back you go back to the left.
0	here's what's happening in the presidential race.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	so i have that point of comparison.
0	this isn't the first time that gov.
0	but the nrdc immediately challenged the waiver.
0	there's an excerpt at our website npr.
0	it's this american life i'm ira glass.
0	you can read his blog at jamesfallows.
0	scott says he's still a conservative outsider.
0	and i say i'm a clown again.
0	and this is a city of 150,000.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	i haven't figured out what that is.
0	and he said you know five-second rule.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	takeaway 5 is ask that all-important question.
0	we had esl classes for the parents.
0	this is equal to five work points.
0	john would you sign on for that?
0	the quitter thinks about it some more.
0	i mean that just truly astounded me.
0	you mentioned the systems in the car.
0	or it could be a small idea.
0	tamara keith npr news the white house.
0	they're talking about the smallest little thing.
0	we just want to keep people safe.
0	i think about this all the time.
0	they're all under the age of 11.
0	we wanted to talk more about this.
0	and we begin this hour in afghanistan.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	that tape was pretty wild wasn't it?
0	let's get a caller on the conversation.
0	we need to do something about this.
0	and i'm david welna at the capitol.
0	the word imagine was a recurring device.
0	it must have been strange for you.
0	there have been a series of scandals.
0	i'm going to get love from him.
0	and paul has said this in interviews.
0	david's calling us from heidelberg in germany.
0	she likes working making her own money.
0	he's also resonating with young voters here.
0	then a moment later she suggests something.
0	well there's precedent on the state level.
0	weeks ago christmas lights started popping up.
0	it's a digital to analog converter box.
0	at least that's what he said today.
0	but more than that it's really interactive.
0	you better get your hands off me.
0	yeah it makes me very uncomfortable sure.
0	that's what they call an above-the-line deduction.
0	he calls it the american dream movement.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	so i mean i go in spells.
0	the fault line is the obvious one.
0	join him and neal conan for that.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	three mile island was only 13 curies.
0	you're on your way to the vatican.
0	has that changed with the delta variant?
0	many already have decided they shouldn't scott.
0	no other pills were my thing either.
0	there's a reflecting pool lined by trees.
0	we're getting good cooperation from the community.
0	and i'm carrie johnson national justice correspondent.
0	no names were supposed to get out.
0	you both did you slayed that game.
0	that was a slap on the wrist.
0	by using support the insurgency is strengthened.
0	in all humility i accept the nomination.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. kaplan.
0	all right we'll take it right there.
0	the third reason is really logistical support.
0	anne marie clapped her hands in approval.
0	i don't think bill nelson's progressive enough.
0	here you just play this piece here.
0	ron thanks so much for joining us.
0	i'm still trying to i'm still learning.
0	i'm going to go with still life.
0	and in this context speed is safety.
0	they kept it a secret until now.
0	don't listen to what i just said.
0	protests after a shooting in madison wis.
0	and i think that those riots definitely.
0	it's of interest to millions of americans.
0	back to the i don't really know.
0	are we talking about brain freezes today?
0	that was the tragedy of the invasion.
0	the slogan was never yes he can.
0	we're an economic engine in this community.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	one was in the original 29 group.
0	if you could make it quick though.
0	ten years ago we had plentiful jobs.
0	he's another member of the research team.
0	the rebel groups forms a military command.
0	it's very nice to be here neal.
0	this is senator michael bennet of colorado.
0	also do other animals get wrinkly fingers?
0	the republicans tried to create some mischief.
0	he was completely trolling the republican establishment.
0	but that's an elite level of employment.
0	you can't reason yourself out of it.
0	don gonyea npr news manchester new hampshire.
0	that's tomorrow   on talk of the nation.
0	jim clyburn is like 80 i think.
0	he was a former police officer right?
0	charlotte abbott contributing editor for publishers weekly.
0	well i wouldn't describe it as frustrating.
0	come visit the morning edition facebook page.
0	so good enough is sometimes good enough.
0	this is what certainly gives me pause.
0	nancy thanks very much for the call.
0	we're really trading on momentum and emotion.
0	so anita what's the obama factor there?
0	clinton got the victory there as well.
0	interesting thing you said at the beginning.
0	that's a really big order for us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so she might not help him either.
0	and journalists did this too you know.
0	and you discovered that loneliness is contagious.
0	and i hadn't thought about that before.
0	but ron still could not maintain stability.
0	i mean that sounds like pretty life-changing.
0	you've got to get rid of it.
0	and it's not you don't see that.
0	so it is a really ruthless business.
0	you know i'm not going to lie.
0	and what do you love about peachtree?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and then along came another big realization.
0	and seven of the police were injured.
0	it was shampoo bottles soap facial wash.
0	fiat's chief executive is in washington now.
0	the other thing is that turnkey idea.
0	i didn't realize it was that quick.
0	and let's go to bill is it?
0	there's certainly lots of targets for criticism.
0	they're part of an ongoing heart study.
0	you need to do something now too.
0	what's the worst thing that can happen?
0	yeah clearly over the last few years.
0	dr. comer let me start with you.
0	michael mahoney made one of those requests.
0	men don't let themselves off the hook.
0	it's based on a couple of experiences.
0	it was a recorded endorsement for obama.
0	greg allen npr news fort lauderdale fla.
0	they would never have the comments available.
0	all right louis you got that point.
0	and that's a smart thing to try.
0	but that doesn't get to the question.
0	you can't see because it's the radio.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this year has changed so so much.
0	he says people are just eating more.
0	this is a wink and a nod.
0	the social security does have a problem.
0	now there are too many of them.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	again no evidence the story ever happened.
0	and that's the whole point of it.
0	that from laura matthews in denver colorado.
0	they are very concerned with good reason.
0	no one knows is the bottom line.
0	andre thanks very much for the call.
0	has that concern increased on your force?
0	thank you it's great to be here.
0	the time for peaceful revolution is over.
0	but why hasn't full approval happened yet?
0	we appreciate and good luck to you.
0	and what would be possible motive there?
0	it's called this that or the other.
0	so zeke you're going to go first.
0	where more women ran than ever before.
0	yes of course you know brian may.
0	and so how does the kidney form?
0	it is the first all caribbean final.
0	i mean that is a fact right?
0	i mean the definition of what's suspicious?
0	angelly points out the top three traits.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	this fear of amazon explains a lot.
0	he was like no iv drug use?
0	you're right up against the forest right?
0	put some numbers on that for me.
0	and i almost never crack jokes there.
0	go somewhere else and watch it then.
0	certainly though there will also be lawsuits.
0	that's between 20 and 30 million cars.
0	her book is called beyond your bubble.
0	npr's business news starts with exxonmobil's defense.
0	that was my first day as president.
0	sue what can't you let go of?
0	it has been here since the depression.
0	we had very similar senses of humor.
0	can we just do the happy dance?
0	and by 2004 the speculators came in.
0	forget everything you've ever known about synthesizers.
0	he wants to stop the immigration lottery.
0	and when someone's overdosing that's a need.
0	the movie is also called radio unnameable.
0	this is the los angeles convention center.
0	they want their occupation to be endless.
0	well you have a photograph of pat?
0	we went to meet the local governor.
0	they'd be all over the roads here.
0	join community groups tutor some poor kids.
0	and let me give you that number.
0	it's 2030s or some time like that.
0	the interviewer is fox news' chris wallace.
0	and i think that's a good question.
0	i don't know but that's one possibility.
0	no. actually i didn't hear from anybody.
0	and you're not falling behind in classes.
0	namely we're not trying to overthrow gadhafi.
0	npr's kirk siegler is in burns ore.
0	guns aren't really a problem in scotland.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	the most asylum seekers come from china.
0	alan thanks so much for coming in.
0	bad news again here for this plant?
0	and but their traditions of hospitality remain.
0	that is a wrap on this today.
0	it has only been a few weeks.
0	and that frightens a lot of people.
0	i talk to the families who die.
0	my mother lost her battle with cancer.
0	robert welcome to talk of the nation.
0	she hadn't obeyed the one year rule.
0	steve thanks very much for the call.
0	it's almost like going to a mikvah.
0	of course they both end in m-a-y-e-r.
0	here's your first one penalty boom juke.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	that's from betsy in wilmington in minnesota.
0	there is no confirmation at this moment.
0	that and other news from campaign trail.
0	they're out of the mainstream of america.
0	there's a lot of fighting to go.
0	it just i just think it's inconsequential.
0	let's go to gus gus in indiana.
0	that turned out to be very true.
0	no but you know what i'm saying.
0	you can google it: flying crank ghost.
0	some of the scenes are simple mysteries.
0	representative tom malinowski democrat of new jersey.
0	there's so much paperwork to go through.
0	the dishwasher took a pretty big hit.
0	so i think they're two different things.
0	of course we can't forget about japan.
0	bootsy collins before i let you go.
0	did you feel guilty at that moment?
0	georgia accuses them of aiding the separatists.
0	they don't put them all up there.
0	and in many ways that's very good.
0	so she drove up on her own.
0	i still suspect republicans keep the seat.
0	and that's not just an engineering question.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	they're going to be inspecting all backpacks.
0	plus a torturous day on capitol hill.
0	we have juan in san antonio texas.
0	where were these kids on the street?
0	andrea betancourt of the think tank comunidadmujer.
0	earlier i spoke with dr. karen lifford.
0	thanks very much for the call rachel.
0	and now to our own election campaign.
0	you just need jack in the box.
0	let's go to sarah in salt lake.
0	so the emotional channel is extremely potent.
0	eli urban jr. is 45 years old.
0	we were classmates at amherst i believe.
0	exercising that control wasn't easy for will.
0	but she's not judgmental about their self-diagnosis.
0	i feel like i'm about to cry.
0	drug addicts that sort of thing yeah.
0	he works at boone grocery and hardware.
0	that's similar to the u.s. coast guard.
0	we need to go there en masse.
0	they you know celebrate them as martyrs.
0	samantha thanks very much for the call.
0	lin with the ball in his hands.
0	i love my 1994 ford escort lx.
0	are people enthusiastic or are people reticent?
0	i'm just a shade under six feet.
0	it was because nothing happened at all.
0	i think that's what this message is.
0	and that's just not the case right?
0	now we're all seniors in high school.
0	he teaches international relations at boston university.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	historian john   hope franklin noted them too.
0	and that was something that we felt.
0	i had written a column for cnn.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	it isn't that all speech is ok.
0	tim with us from greenwood in missouri.
0	that's the call from nbc's tom hammond.
0	so this is you're a return champion.
0	thanks very much for the call though.
0	mokhtar alkhanshali is a yemeni-american from california.
0	and they say you know we're banks.
0	what are your thoughts about the future?
0	obalardo i agree with you 100 percent.
0	hello thank you for taking my call.
0	and sally it's a very important question.
0	he says it's also in the streets.
0	yeah yeah we all watch the game.
0	he joins us from a studio there.
0	everything kind of smells like old cigarettes.
0	you know wisconsin will they'll play defense.
0	sotomayor sonia sotomayor is anything but unqualified.
0	let me try and address this sequentially.
0	this is a new understanding called epigenetics.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	well i don't know if that's appropriate.
0	how about igbo or yoruba or zulu?
0	who knows if i'll be myself again?
0	his confessed killer is an avowed neo-nazi.
0	hypocrisy is so common in american government.
0	ah hell no. i'm not a do-gooder.
0	he didn't make his career prosecuting prostitution.
0	it was just going down the tubes.
0	johnson's brother deon fisher stood beside her.
0	well i had to overcome the resistance.
0	we are an equal branch of government.
0	that is partially the reason as well.
0	the bill didn't come to the fore.
0	one was somebody married separated but married.
0	yeah i'll remind you of my age.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	ho ho ho come in here elves.
0	well i think the sense of urgency.
0	that's npr's baghdad bureau chief quil lawrence.
0	so it's almost like a chicken-and-egg-type situation.
0	greg you please put on a robe?
0	yeah greg might want a paper puppet.
0	and where does it go from here?
0	he's got his double windsor-knotted silk ties.
0	how could you be afraid of that?
0	we've learned a lot from this study.
0	we begin this week with leighton watson.
0	npr's david welna is at the capitol.
0	that is the most in four years.
0	well after certain time it's the heat.
0	it's weird that chambers doesn't see that.
0	but no. she's just like the robinsons.
0	so she writes about the island sometimes.
0	tuti sanborn remembers when they got together.
0	and i said well no she has.
0	she has a limited range limited repertoire.
0	the volunteer mentors were not teaching religion.
0	this is how my hands are comfortable.
0	specifically it was 100 years ago tomorrow.
0	and now your comments about yesterday's program.
0	you should be able to go work.
0	the game is called medal of honor.
0	we did a little fact-checking on this.
0	it's their sort of last-ditch anti-israel deterrent.
0	japan is america's top ally in asia.
0	there was a plaque in the 1930s.
0	do you have that feeling of spaciousness?
0	looks like he can handle it responsibly.
0	mary became a concentration camp girl guide.
0	that's like an old betty field movie.
0	when animals are thirsty they start drinking.
0	she was in work mode she says.
0	he's sued the university of texas twice.
0	mr. murray mining is a dangerous business.
0	we had one here in the night.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	what do you who do you represent?
0	the numbers didn't seem crazy to brigido.
0	i have nothing against work per se.
0	seems to make the days even better.
0	lea and gia now have three children.
0	wow i'm so glad he's in here.
0	they just want someone to talk to.
0	but you can only script so much.
0	tim wise is a white anti-racist activist.
0	by morning the man is pronounced dead.
0	and we learned that from tv coverage.
0	so this is clearly a live concern.
0	why do people believe in conspiracy theories?
0	you will simply have to go on.
0	we're averaging about 150 calls a day.
0	i'm sure we'll check in before november.
0	i mean i think it's his cleverness.
0	the pentagon has knocked down those reports.
0	so independence was caught in   a vise.
0	let's we will convene at 9 a.m.
0	it's a good 7,000 miles from london.
0	thanks so much for your time today.
0	he's very kind of steely and methodical.
0	tv coverage captured some of the chaos.
0	there is a certain amount of that.
0	he lowers the turkey into the pot.
0	why are officials saying this experiment worked?
0	still vakifli's history won't be publicly commemorated.
0	now this place is not for everyone.
0	happened in 2005 took effect in 2006.
0	it is not about limiting anyone's choices.
0	he spoke with us from eastern afghanistan.
0	but nevertheless they feel strongly about this.
0	and the next day it was water.
0	it's time to start thinking about things.
0	no that was all the other reporters.
0	but flake's focused on this one point.
0	shannon mullen has the story from boston.
0	marco rubio who finally had a state?
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	you can't live in a certain community.
0	i feel like we're scamming the government.
0	you didn't sleep at all last night?
0	that's yvette simpson with democracy for america.
0	are you going to be cooking anything?
0	and several businesses were destroyed others looted.
0	lolis it's been good talking to you.
0	no there is not a sit-down restaurant.
0	but we met the six of us.
0	there's this hip hop group called clppng.
0	that's when it spreads to the body.
0	we'd have problems with food and water.
0	the way ahead will be very hard.
0	discipline started to fray among the troops.
0	it's like a way of feeling hope.
0	researchers are reporting progress in kidney transplants.
0	zika has been linked to birth defects.
0	david greene npr news in alliance ohio.
0	and it was like a real question?
0	no it doesn't change it become worst.
0	he said no you're a good man.
0	and everybody here takes this for granted.
0	you know i think there's a spectrum.
0	there was a kerosene stove in it.
0	that often means a stormier atlantic ocean.
0	or maybe we have issues with them.
0	we have a food and drug administration.
0	thanks so much for coming in today.
0	he's going to go to las vegas.
0	he goes to work in the suburbs.
0	she just looked so out of place.
0	it appears to be back in recession.
0	and people will keep paying for them.
0	like why does it cost so much?
0	so it's really a struggle for them.
0	it often leads to an amazing thing.
0	sales last month were up by 9.8%.
0	in the fireplace where one makes fire.
0	we had rallies in every congressional district.
0	that's when he developed his own act.
0	i'll read you just a few statistics.
0	micki thanks very much for the call.
0	so we hear about the defense secretary.
0	are you a fan of j.d. salinger?
0	i have to look at it first.
0	airline tickets what it would be today.
0	i had already read the oral statements.
0	we have something to say to you.
0	what happened that night to your pharmacy?
0	about half a million people live there.
0	mike pesca talk about the small-market teams.
0	back to my radio telescope you know?
0	so that really great imagery from that.
0	lisa says essentially a person feels trapped.
0	so i would be a little leery.
0	she may get her own talk show.
0	it's going to be on after lost.
0	an occasion absolutely no one is celebrating.
0	and here's an e-mail question from gana.
0	it's much closer to home for him.
0	she's standing on this little papier-mache hill.
0	i found that to be creative and.
0	and it shows up public speaking handbooks.
0	so don't be afraid to ask them.
0	we would call it thinning not logging.
0	most of them won't ask for help.
0	in sunni areas there was relief too.
0	about your mom you're going to tell.
0	it was i got to play catch-up.
0	did you want to jump in there?
0	who are you going to vote for?
0	so far nothing like that has happened.
0	the country is opening back up again.
0	so that's where we're studying these ponds.
0	we're talking about ap high school classes.
0	you know i haven't heard that one.
0	they approached them with ridicule and abuse.
0	and many dayrooms are overflowing with bunks.
0	nicole glover's new book is the conductors.
0	but first she has to get elected.
0	but i think it's also important right?
0	they have no respect for the craft.
0	the next day matt still seems ok.
0	and darina allen is with us now.
0	you have to work with people's behaviors.
0	so let's just take it separately then.
0	i just loved every minute of it.
0	you've scored 14 of their 15 movies.
0	oh they're absolutely on the fire lines.
0	the oil if you cut a pepper.
0	making your work environment equitable takes teamwork.
0	hey michel good to be with you.
0	it is perhaps more   emotional than anything.
0	critics say that that's not strong enough.
0	the program is a kind of advertising.
0	they get about six months of training.
0	the new rules were announced last month.
0	so this is just for you guys.
0	scott horsley   npr news jefferson parish louisiana.
0	it sounds a bit like vocal athletics.
0	and i said no it's not ok.
0	but dugas wasn't a villain at all.
0	after bernanke spoke monday the dollar rebounded.
0	there are animals that have both sexes.
0	and what's going on in costa rica?
0	you want to go back to footlocker?
0	we know if they're younger or older.
0	and we are there at his whim.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	there are a lot of mad people.
0	how bright is it going to be?
0	what do you think i did tuesday?
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	scott price thanks for talking with us.
0	there is no magic list of questions.
0	or to change their ballistic missile program?
0	ah president calderon is a respected leader.
0	ted cruz needed to shake things up.
0	that's npr's david welna from capitol hill.
0	first we go to npr's jason beaubien.
0	and you don't feel sorry at all?
0	and so what was that unit like?
0	what for example is a market-tested phrase?
0	they're not really safety device at all.
0	ow watch it with those cards man.
0	i mean what am i doing here?
0	mrs. kim explains how it's changed her.
0	i know how to do all that.
0	she says i can't schedule the veteran.
0	and that's probably the most common approach.
0	we would expect to see it now.
0	now we can go watch big brother.
0	nobody's ever been up there to listen.
0	it's actually in our state's constitution now.
0	baker is one of the firm's clients.
0	that's a new definition of global warming.
0	he just wanted to do his thing.
0	from member station wbgo terry sheridan reports.
0	right there was $7,000 in back taxes.
0	this one is of the iranian tv.
0	that is right on the highway yes.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	how long were they on this case?
0	it'll be evident in the months ahead.
0	alicia was fresh from her own divorce.
0	but i'm not talking about charter schools.
0	it's just it's not a good life.
0	and another thing is actually the emr.
0	but those are in the   planning stages.
0	and dexter let's go back to history.
0	the movie is art imitating real life.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and i'm glad to see it end.
0	and i'm hoping that overpowers this one.
0	so that's the blessing in it yeah.
0	they certainly have motive and the means.
0	how did you feel about telemedicine aisha?
0	you don't want to go to sleep.
0	he did say you did me dirty.
0	i don't think she's going to run.
0	i'd fall again just trial and error.
0	twenty-five votes out of how many cast?
0	and i think it was very unfair.
0	it's much more of a personal experience.
0	he's a researcher at washington state university.
0	it's the consumers that'll see the shortage.
0	what this dinosaur relative had for lunch.
0	jeff brady npr news near oakley kansas.
0	so many people have lost their jobs.
0	he clearly does have support in tripoli.
0	later another man yelled from his car.
0	using watson i found myself sucked in.
0	he used to be a tv anchor.
0	they're supposed to be held in september.
0	get out of the way they yelled.
0	issues like corruption and deep ethnic divisions.
0	chad lampe of member station wkms explains.
0	and turnout will be an important issue.
0	general jones obviously had that in spades.
0	so it's dropping directly on the fire.
0	i have all kinds of books around.
0	it might be put in a machine.
0	thank you for taking my call neal.
0	and so you're going in little bumps.
0	how did you cope with her death?
0	you mean it was raining and thundering?
0	it's always a balancing act you know?
0	oh darn it what did i need?
0	oh my god he left me here.
0	they can't call or sign up online.
0	and you got your head burned off.
0	and they never get anything or insurance.
0	ron elving thanks for being with us.
0	well it's exactly this game of rhetoric.
0	that was the basis for subsequent negotiations.
0	just last week another journalist was killed.
0	you can read his blog at jamesfallows.
0	they can lend a hand to authorities.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	and he's giving me a two-hour lesson.
0	it's hard to pull off a peach.
0	those are two of the key issues.
0	we had rick perry in this role.
0	well you know there was no option.
0	the german company pulled out in 2009.
0	these people were great to work with.
0	and simply how did it all work?
0	but what do you see congress doing?
0	so my first concert was deep purple.
0	you kata sorry sayang tadi tak dengar.
0	it's proposing new national food safety rules.
0	you've got to get her to eat.
0	and debbie this sounds like a mess.
0	they gave me everything that i needed.
0	can you explain how that came about?
0	and until recently few stayed in mexico.
0	that's the explosion on the double-decker bus.
0	yeah it was a strong speech renee.
0	can you tell us what happened there?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well pay-wise it's probably below nude dancer.
0	when you thrift you create the trend.
0	batting averages vary from year to year.
0	david rakoff's a writer in new york.
0	we asked her why she changed course.
0	but exactly what happened still isn't clear.
0	and we'll put them on our website.
0	what are we looking for this week?
0	growing crops strips nutrients from the soil.
0	but for buyers we have takeaway four.
0	and when do you skate next malory?
0	the bolshoi ballet dates back to 1776.
0	you know what you think of him.
0	that's what voters want to talk about.
0	paul is with us from boulder colorado.
0	i just had an interesting website also.
0	the charging documents describe a horrific ordeal.
0	if we don't have teamwork nothing works.
0	and have you ever played this game?
0	she actually found some of their descendants.
0	building planes still requires highly skilled workers.
0	they're not going to go to work.
0	amir thanks very much for the call.
0	the gig economy or the independent contractors.
0	here's obama at the democratic national convention.
0	they don't quite know what to do.
0	i don't think he changed any minds.
0	if anything it's kind of reaffirmed it.
0	but for the most part i don't.
0	so withdraw american forces from south korea?
0	and then today it was jewish children.
0	from one force of nature to another.
0	he runs a pawnshop in my neighborhood.
0	and there are going to be lawsuits.
0	my adrenaline was just pumping big time.
0	i said oh that sounds like fun.
0	john welcome to talk of the nation.
0	this is special coverage from npr news.
0	let's go to mary in rockville california.
0	but china is facing a dilemma here.
0	he's a democrat and he's from connecticut.
0	now it is not about understanding slavery.
0	and lemich says he has several options.
0	two of the girls begin to shake.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	what that means exactly is not clear.
0	that's npr's white house correspondent scott horsley.
0	it's just a matter of harnessing it.
0	why am i not listening to him?
0	well not for a couple of weeks.
0	i mean it's a totally lopsided picture.
0	we're going to amalgam comics and coffee.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	so people still have watch night services.
0	so we did the next best thing.
0	that's when you'd normally make the choice.
0	that's just the bravado of military service.
0	i thought it won't be easy physically.
0	what does that do to the numbers?
0	that's sound designer and composer steven baber.
0	they think they can pick the candidate.
0	and then emanuel anderson took the floor.
0	let's be honest i didn't save him.
0	deville was fidgeting in his black suit.
0	sometimes it creates problems outside those walls.
0	now you are in a police vehicle.
0	will thanks very much for the call.
0	no one's forcing you to give that.
0	nobody jails the population like we do.
0	let me give you one specific example.
0	and that's what you're going into now.
0	we are not here to give opinions.
0	north carolina public radio's leoneda inge reports.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	but i really think oh i'm sorry.
0	well it seems like not that hard.
0	at one point he begged for compassion.
0	so i just feel trapped completely trapped.
0	so he noticed that i was different.
0	act two what we wanted to do.
0	and so captain hook is out there.
0	you call this the feminization of aids.
0	john welcome to talk of the nation.
0	it's nice to call for good things.
0	it was all about church and school.
0	i mean it is historic and significant.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	actually in proust and fielding ortolan appear.
0	regret is a frequent companion of grief.
0	what's going to be fresh about that?
0	thanks very much for the call robert.
0	and he's like no no more cinematic.
0	diane meir frank delany thanks so much.
0	so she is right to re-establish it.
0	from that moment on everything was right.
0	here's npr's national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	gentlemen let's get right to some callers.
0	and thank you for being with us.
0	that's what we're talking about here right?
0	rasha you got batman on the line?
0	the rubber toe cap is also functional.
0	so it's not a matter of supply.
0	a stutter can be like a straitjacket.
0	there are newer better paying industries coming.
0	it's very hard to give it up.
0	that's all things considered from npr news.
0	this story mentions the existence of sex.
0	she used to say it was 1929.
0	those are two completely different administrative processes.
0	and it's the driest place on earth.
0	i'm quite amazed that i'm so articulate.
0	lynn swann really stumbling some might say.
0	barack obama has got to seem presidential.
0	he works when he gets called in.
0	the sex just gets better and better.
0	twenty-nine-year-old fireman cyrus reed died that day.
0	writers at the time mention such things.
0	now it's the acidification of the oceans.
0	but kristin says we know better now.
0	bringing your own to the supermarket yeah?
0	it is unusual in a warm state.
0	it was in a way a homecoming.
0	she's been monitoring the situation in syria.
0	yes it's exactly that's exactly what happens.
0	thanks for being with us senator bayh.
0	it tells us how much to store.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	this is one of his personal favorites.
0	i spoke to peter morici about this.
0	you know it's a couple of things.
0	emmy-nominated dolly parton's christmas on the square.
0	it's usually the bosses who know better.
0	did that player pass the science test?
0	companies have been snapping up bitcoin recently.
0	do you think that might be true?
0	your beauty is not connected to it.
0	ok this is my progress monitoring folder.
0	she is an advocate for military families.
0	dana priest co-wrote the washington post series.
0	how is the party going to change?
0	and other things have become more important.
0	you get a box of cereal baby.
0	you might say school buses are infrastructure.
0	she's going to stay here i think.
0	here's a number in the news 79.
0	we just thought it was really interesting.
0	joel thanks very much for the call.
0	she's doing the same thing you did.
0	i visited him a few months later.
0	i don't know how to describe it.
0	there's things that need to be corrected.
0	but i think we've gained many more.
0	i say buhao a lot not good.
0	this one has   a decidedly different beat.
0	i don't like talking about it anymore.
0	prevention is one thing stigma is another.
0	npr congressional correspondent tamara keith has more.
0	that guy was nowhere around last night.
0	and you've lived there all your life?
0	so what did those conversations look like?
0	i like going to casey's general store.
0	steve thanks very much for the call.
0	do you though see a culture changing?
0	he's still alive i can see him.
0	and i don't want to get it.
0	did clinton walk into a trap there?
0	and i had just took the time.
0	i think there is an anti-trump lane.
0	that npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson in copenhagen.
0	allison very nice to see you again.
0	it's kind of it's hilarious you know?
0	it's not clear when elections will be.
0	i'm away for a couple of weeks.
0	anastasia i'm going to start with you.
0	this movie tested that tested the streak.
0	and that's what the native speaker lacks.
0	he defends louis c.k. a little bit.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	now he never says that in interviews.
0	at cuban prices that's about 50 haircuts.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's set to be decided on today.
0	but around a year ago desperation hit.
0	i don't know who wants to start.
0	but there are issues that divide them.
0	first we'll hear from npr's philip reeves.
0	it's going to be a slow process.
0	we were talking about giving money away.
0	charlayne hunter-gault is npr's special africa correspondent.
0	marty thanks very much for the call.
0	the higher revenues from gas taxes yeah.
0	shannon harris farms down on this land.
0	some pro-life advocates think it's too risky.
0	i suspect you're not alone in that.
0	is that a realistic goal this spring?
0	the pandemic climate crisis these are real.
0	he writes about videogames for wired magazine.
0	some have been sleeping here for days.
0	he made multiple mistakes over and over.
0	you know it makes me feel confined.
0	letting you play with his toys yes.
0	we were in on the intelligence briefings.
0	it felt like a college you know?
0	and it's also his voice you see.
0	in fact it was 22 to nothing.
0	she came back spoke to the senators.
0	it's just young sexy people being funny.
0	let's hear one of his erotic poems.
0	it's a passive message to the public.
0	and it's like could you pick one?
0	it's of special concern to young men.
0	greg welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and the person you were firing at?
0	she raised her kids in this house.
0	laura welcome to talk of the nation.
0	what the president didn't say stands out.
0	i'm a graduate of iowa state university.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	well there is considerable variability right now.
0	they listened to presentations from the company.
0	i'm trying to wipe the slate clean.
0	they have already been playing that role.
0	people were cold and in the dark.
0	but for a lot of people no.
0	oh well thanks for the call then.
0	you'll find lots of fresh air interviews.
0	we need five 10 years 20 years.
0	what i worried about was my boss.
0	he's been a wonder in the playoffs.
0	and she's in hot springs   village arkansas.
0	we'll tell you how to do it.
0	we did have a small saturn sedan.
0	they throw in all kinds of stuff.
0	it's dropped minivans out of the ceiling.
0	can a president be a role model?
0	here syrian reports dominate the news coverage.
0	minutes later the guard stops mehnaz again.
0	she says her first days were hard.
0	in my life i love you more.
0	well thank you for joining us today.
0	and yvette arellano has a recommendation too.
0	you know they just look lost sometimes.
0	let's go now to this is jennifer.
0	npr's sports correspondent tom goldman joins us.
0	it's going to be the wig party.
0	it's not been effected by the oil.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	well i mean i agree with that.
0	colum mccann i don't know about cooking.
0	fresh whole milk is up 23 percent.
0	and that's what makes it so dangerous.
0	and i would not be that winded.
0	yeah what do you do with it?
0	the turks consider these kurdish fighters terrorists.
0	some places will take them some won't.
0	skate masters jim cluggish and cliff coleman.
0	there's a lot of shame for us.
0	i didn't want to do a spit-take.
0	and he's still picking up survival stories.
0	some of them have actually been fighting.
0	i did not know you did that.
0	we used to live side by side.
0	i did speak to his allies though.
0	zimbabwe is preparing for elections this year.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	did you talk to people about that?
0	and bobby's calling us from st. louis.
0	they felt like there were other priorities.
0	that can damage all kinds of stuff.
0	so it fell low on the list.
0	i imagine that's true of most people.
0	it attempts to answer it as well.
0	what are you doing for the inauguration?
0	now the numbers are slightly different here.
0	you'd lose all the detail and nuance.
0	he says he'll work with belgian authorities.
0	hussein thanks very much for the call.
0	and neal glad to be with you.
0	in gaza nancy updike for npr news.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	torre do you agree with that impression?
0	he's a documentary filmmaker in new york.
0	a lot of times that's the calculus.
0	but you've got to take those risks.
0	they're found on every continent except antarctica.
0	well i used too many to count.
0	but he apparently has two other horses.
0	i mean this is pretty labor intensive.
0	bill shwar is an attorney from detroit.
0	there are small advertisements on the screen.
0	they just want somebody to talk to.
0	that spammer sent 162 million unwanted messages.
0	mr. mayor thanks for being with us.
0	his young inexperienced staff was often ridiculed.
0	i assume it's a truck pickup truck.
0	rami khouri joining us from amman jordan.
0	thanks   gentlemen for joining us this hour.
0	we've got set patterns of doing things.
0	so don't pick   on my puppies tim.
0	this was awesome my son say awesome.
0	so i knew they were after me.
0	we have no idea how many were.
0	he's an expert on preserving dead trees.
0	he has limited movement in his shoulders.
0	feighan was the democrat's endorsed party candidate.
0	we've been given that award multiple times.
0	that's a drug that reverses an overdose.
0	forty-five hours of footage to go through.
0	act six office climate and climate office.
0	we've never seen anything like this before.
0	well she knows the history you know?
0	we've cast hundreds and hundreds of votes.
0	then his doctors got it under control.
0	reynold thanks very much for the call.
0	and now that needs to be rectified.
0	hacking this computer was pretty easy work.
0	it's too much power for some people.
0	they were from a field artillery battery.
0	you know it's easy to commit war.
0	next time i'm going to have to.
0	hello thank you for taking my call.
0	no no. they're not private spy agencies.
0	our number here in washington is 1-800-989-8255.
0	instead you know we've called this obamacare.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	what'd she have to say about that?
0	ken rudin as always thanks very much.
0	it just doesn't make sense to me.
0	she invites us to see for ourselves.
0	so you hear this sucking gurgling noise.
0	and i this is a great topic.
0	thanks very much for your call joel.
0	l.a. times has it by nine points.
0	and nobody took care of them anymore.
0	so it's politics as usual in washington.
0	elena was actually married to another guy.
0	baker's think tank leans to the left.
0	david with us from sonoma in california.
0	don't get rid of that parka yet.
0	the constitutional amendment was a no go.
0	very briefly where's aung san suu kyi?
0	mitch mcconnell is the senate minority leader.
0	renata sago from member station wmfe reports.
0	and so he jumped at the opportunity.
0	he scored like 40 points last night.
0	so we're happy that we got this.
0	but it was too complicated to manufacture.
0	but yeah he had a hard time.
0	well things look a little more quiet.
0	my grandfather was killed by el duce.
0	every day at sherman is rigorously structured.
0	the fda is reviewing reports on bupropion.
0	for day to day i'm xeni jardin.
0	the president who was known as 41.
0	military attorneys say hurley's situation isn't unique.
0	kane says peacemaking was the original goal.
0	they believe that pol pot is everywhere.
0	i thought we were really moving forward.
0	bhutto leads the opposition pakistan people's party.
0	and the mother was sort of hovering.
0	and in the meantime they're forging ahead.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	two of the years are suspended sentence.
0	you have my highest respect for that.
0	it's like getting that muscle memory right?
0	and it sounds like that's probably true.
0	we're talking with political junkie ken rudin.
0	i hope they took the seeds out.
0	you're singing a song to yourself yeah.
0	there was a negative reaction to it.
0	you know we can't rest easy ourselves.
0	i apologize for running behind schedule today.
0	so i think there's a balance there.
0	i think it still sticks with me.
0	and thank you all for having us.
0	and it was just an extraordinary story.
0	so we asked you do some digging.
0	thank you so much and pleasant dreams.
0	so what's a seattle mayor to do?
0	kyle corbin is officially union oregon's mayor.
0	i love the department i work for.
0	that's npr's richard gonzales in san francisco.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	the fbi raided the firm in november.
0	they still haven't come to a resolution.
0	but the rivers don't feed mountain agriculture.
0	i was very pleased to meet everyone.
0	the most you can have is three.
0	is this likely to satisfy those critics?
0	can bounty hunters chase into other countries?
0	we've had a team on the ground.
0	and we asked you to weigh in.
0	and the same is true of graphite.
0	i don't have a problem with race.
0	they were people who did masontry work.
0	the papers went nuts for this story.
0	it sounds like the total commercial here.
0	and what role do prosecutors say cpl.
0	and the regime itself was not accountable.
0	for years i've wondered about gefilte fish.
0	put a little bit of flour on.
0	it's now time for the political junkie.
0	yeah i ask myself the same question.
0	i took my suit and tie off.
0	and that's the story in the family.
0	let's hear from alex in ann arbor.
0	is covid now like a forever virus?
0	you're saying he ran an identity-based campaign.
0	we're glad to have you with us.
0	i don't think that i don't care.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	we want to know what you're choosing.
0	good of you to join us today.
0	there's no do-overs in a federal election.
0	and that's what's very difficult about screening.
0	robert's with us from windsor in canada.
0	are university students being monitored by mi5?
0	footwear for walking in the arctic say.
0	how can i accept it as such?
0	it's a difficult thing to go through.
0	he served on trump's coronavirus task force.
0	tony is on the line with us.
0	scott i'm going to start with you.
0	nothing in this bill deals with them.
0	you have a population of around 7,500?
0	are they getting that sort of thing?
0	the american people are by your side.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	you work there you have friends there.
0	it has become obvious in this way.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	houston-based attorney david hobbs celebrated the ruling.
0	bernice boursier came out for a look.
0	and that's exactly what chen quanguo did.
0	but that isn't what the president says.
0	well i think raul you have point.
0	anthony williams is a correctional officer sergeant.
0	joe's not going to call scientists idiots.
0	the host was the late art james.
0	can i buy a refrigerator with it?
0	rolling scene it's both kentucky and ohio.
0	one man one woman yes on 8.
0	and it's like a two two-and-a-half-minute song.
0	is that what you were asking yourself?
0	why am i working for this department?
0	you have two views within the region.
0	it's unprecedented in the court's modern history.
0	i was part of the negotiating team.
0	mike laforgia do you have problems sleeping?
0	this is meant as a pain stimulus.
0	the republicans are now focusing on florida.
0	i got my butt kicked in nevada.
0	all right that makes me feel better.
0	let's start with the president and republicans.
0	at the same time right is right.
0	the author of course was mark twain.
0	all right that voter there in georgia.
0	it's possible that they can do this.
0	many parents swear by this so-called ferberizing.
0	what happened to black people in general?
0	don't put any more lives at risk.
0	we have not had any injuries yet.
0	there's a lot of disagreement among democrats.
0	you've got a new lease on life.
0	i mean that's what became of them.
0	both have been placed on administrative leave.
0	i did not vote for president trump.
0	thanks very much for the call boyd.
0	and with that that's a scary thing.
0	the local approach is more domestically popular.
0	yeah but it actually goes beyond countries.
0	disneynature has done six of these now.
0	some of the wives have passed out.
0	so here's how the beige book works.
0	i thought you've been taking this in.
0	mathieu zagrodzki a law enforcement researcher explains.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	lauren stiles is president of dysautonomia international.
0	but verbally he took in everything possible.
0	there were also a lot of racists.
0	well i mean they're big questions here.
0	thank you for your service mr. smith.
0	i'm scott horsley at the white house.
0	houston is 60 miles from the coast.
0	and i think that they're recognizing that.
0	but i'm sure he was not overlooked.
0	i have a question for marvel entertainment.
0	i believe 32 to be exact yeah.
0	and i just don't understand her stamina.
0	so i mean that's a blind spot.
0	how do you say eureka in french?
0	muhammad is seen as the living koran.
0	sarkozy has chosen to focus on security.
0	just go to our web page npr.
0	is it even something to worry about?
0	and i put it back to you.
0	we still have the roy moore story.
0	he was a great trainer of men.
0	those groups hope to change that today.
0	and let me ask you paul kedrosky.
0	and a young lady started a blog.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	he was bearing details of the murder.
0	mike maxim is okcupid's chief technology officer.
0	she's a curly girly just like you.
0	target's thomas says it's about staying current.
0	he stayed away from criticizing president trump.
0	these are the conservatives of the heart.
0	so we did what we do best.
0	i'm set but don't go away please.
0	but the theme is basically the same.
0	he's going to come retire with us.
0	two-letter word ya but that's a pizza.
0	louisiana signed a similar bill into law.
0	how much are they putting towards security?
0	lucy was standing safe on high ground.
0	why is st. louis where it is?
0	he i guess is the executive director?
0	so what happened to that 25% goal?
0	and eventually the term rangers was picked.
0	we're just getting farther out from avielle.
0	the big toe is a giant cue.
0	so at least be with some family.
0	that to me its currency was huge.
0	here's kaomi goetz of member station wshu.
0	he enjoyed its steady green in winter.
0	but here's how he now introduces himself.
0	these are fantasy word games writing players.
0	the age-old axiom all things in moderation.
0	and that's the energy that we use.
0	so how did you do the study?
0	it would've been quite a different story.
0	but he realized it was already done.
0	they had teamsyou know the whole set-up.
0	but i wondered could it be true?
0	and apparently this was all our fault.
0	kind of the least of your problems.
0	you wanted to see such a moment.
0	it sounds like he knows that right?
0	every well let's get another caller in.
0	he mentioned that his costs have fallen.
0	but they're not here for the views.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	click on the submit your answer link.
0	i'll present it to him by hand.
0	this is a very strange little spot.
0	i quit working in september of 2005.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	that's 400000 jobs we lost last month.
0	it's sort of a long golf buggy.
0	it's the worst we've ever seen it.
0	he is well-informed about science and technology.
0	you know 2020 was a roller coaster.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	was the u.s. congress any more resolute?
0	that's 400000 jobs we lost last month.
0	he asked his guest conductor joann falletta.
0	the principal export of libya is oil.
0	hillary clinton will make history this week.
0	today christopher is a freshman in college.
0	so we got over 2500 correct responses.
0	they're like not refreshing in their sameness.
0	i gather that too is in question.
0	the abuser also pressed charges against her.
0	enough of them have said that already.
0	we need the mobilization of the people.
0	you know and you might blot in.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	and this isn't just joint council's plan.
0	elizabeth welcome to talk of the nation.
0	nine storms that is so many becky.
0	what's the next step in this study?
0	we're seeing more troubling and tragic news.
0	it's even equipped with a private gym.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so let me start with you kevin.
0	the older sister 14-year-old nivea speaks up.
0	and i just think it won't work.
0	and i'm halfway in a coma myself.
0	and luckily i came to a stop.
0	they're very adaptable at what they eat.
0	they can't help traffic that's stacked up.
0	and this game is called other '90s.
0	we kind of space those things out.
0	well i mean if you make it?
0	yeah absolutely and it's just it's nice.
0	we all thought it was a rope.
0	he could simply be held   without bond.
0	focusing in education is a winnable issue.
0	well we got cans of cranberry sauce.
0	we're going to miss recitals and christmas.
0	thank you for invitation to your program.
0	food left over from stores or restaurants.
0	they're just belt-tightening for now nothing drastic.
0	take the case of congresswoman gabrielle giffords.
0	and that was what my story was.
0	i'm hearing no objections from our critics.
0	behind it is a baralief of lenin.
0	now they're at risk of being deported.
0	there was multiple articles in chinese media.
0	wole moses planned for a traditional treat.
0	i mean you can now of course.
0	and virtually invisible isn't it jonathan winer?
0	i had a question for mr. lichtblau.
0	i'm going to give you some words.
0	the summer's travel season could set records.
0	so that's a bit of a worry.
0	come believe in something greater than yourself.
0	is gadhafi looking at that as well?
0	he's lost also his air defense forces.
0	and what did you make of him?
0	mubarak is not going to last forever.
0	jury selection in her trial starts tomorrow.
0	i hope the week's treated you well.
0	he's editor and publisher of inside elections.
0	so let's look at that partisan divide.
0	i'm about as ready as you are.
0	brian in denver colorado has a question.
0	a stagecoach stop would be another thing.
0	we wanted to check in get it?
0	last week militants attacked a naval base.
0	they had if you will a perimeter.
0	his shoulder ached from the shotgun's recoil.
0	and then president reagan took them down.
0	let's start with lucy in ketchum idaho.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	if you're too far back you're dead.
0	i love a good science cheer kwong.
0	the candidacy obviously looks pretty strong now.
0	but that's not a guarantee of anything.
0	dr. clifford let me ask you first.
0	there's a new police chief cathy lanier.
0	have any of these people responded yet?
0	i mean they get a little hyper.
0	that is what i thought at first.
0	let's look at the lockdown procedure first.
0	that murder landed him on death row.
0	and you're thinking boy this is it.
0	i know a lot about these laws.
0	zakaria loudini waited several hours to vote.
0	eight thousand people were murdered in srebrenica.
0	other major companies such as news corp.
0	and let's get brian on the line.
0	they have to be filed somewhere else.
0	loved competing against myself against other people.
0	they want access to good banking systems.
0	what do you see in these camps?
0	the tenderloin is san francisco's black hole.
0	i mean break this down for us.
0	all of these schools have cs programs.
0	well that was in selma in 1965.
0	i think there's a combination of factors.
0	it does sometimes reflect arab public opinion.
0	and we need people in the fight.
0	john's calling us from newark new york.
0	our coverage begins with npr's cheryl corley.
0	you don't know what's happening out there.
0	they restate did it every five years.
0	all right number one is much m-u-c-h.
0	it's something like 99.9 percent arrival rates.
0	it was a right of national sovereignty.
0	i mean does that send a message?
0	prices of gas going down that's good.
0	newton's discount market has seen better days.
0	i really like this optical silk properties.
0	donovan blackburn good luck with the project.
0	would you like a republican sample ballot?
0	grand delusion as i call it john.
0	are you involved in that at all?
0	and thus pikeville was discovered and found.
0	and i blew it and we lost.
0	and it still is in golden colorado.
0	people are opening the newspaper every day.
0	it's actually been in science fiction largely.
0	and i always eat the ice afterward.
0	i think there are some differences however.
0	but it's interesting it's an interior city.
0	thanks bryan very much for your call.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	she has to learn as she goes.
0	he represents hundreds of safety net hospitals.
0	the hidden trap of your picnic where.
0	historically they've always won runoffs in georgia.
0	she's been rowing for nearly seven years.
0	it was never going to cover everybody.
0	metal stainless steel will bond to sulfur.
0	well i think it has several goals.
0	you'll find it in first samuel yeah.
0	so he does have a lot experience.
0	they say this is what they expected.
0	they don't have satellites i don't believe.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	i think that's very questionable highly questionable.
0	literally bodies are flying through the air.
0	and let me explain why that is.
0	so jerome let me start with you.
0	and i include myself in that group.
0	and these outbreaks sickened over 5,000 people.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	what are the kinds of ethical principles?
0	graf walks up to the handgun counter.
0	you know parents are working in home.
0	and the message is a death threat.
0	now a similar survival instinct kicks in.
0	can they make much of a difference?
0	there aren't many options to choose from.
0	and thanks very much for coming in.
0	all right absey have a good weekend.
0	i mean we say remarkable so often.
0	and people say we love the history.
0	ryan introduced pence at the republican convention.
0	over time pickett says the staff unraveled.
0	what did you want to find out?
0	dave thanks very much for the call.
0	so you know buy a reasonable amount.
0	he delivered his favorite description of himself.
0	it can go with any normal transportation.
0	thanks to all of you for listening.
0	this   is in the ronald reagan era.
0	most of the people get the news.
0	i just said calm down calm down.
0	also the recession curbed power demands somewhat.
0	there are taxes on health insurance plans.
0	isn't it fun to do the impossible?
0	land is one of the biggest expenses.
0	i went back to the original comics.
0	and then we thank our sponsor afterwards.
0	well i think it's a very positive.
0	like that's not necessarily a safe assumption.
0	no but we were listening to recordings.
0	the deadline is this sunday january 15.
0	and so we know where everything is.
0	they're so much bigger than the land.
0	conflict chocolate as they're now calling it.
0	i don't know how they did it.
0	that was just a category 3 though.
0	they cited discrepancies in the vote tallies.
0	meanwhile the cost of food is soaring.
0	what do you got for us today?
0	that could slow progress toward herd immunity.
0	that's where my brain is right now.
0	and where do you hear us kevin?
0	have we gotten loopy enough yet princess?
0	those who held out hope are disappointed.
0	what that could cost is anybody's guess.
0	this is the giant commuter rail hub.
0	it just is not right for me.
0	maybe there's a threat that they perceived.
0	he counts forrest as a distant relative.
0	lena thanks very much for the call.
0	most i mean we built into it.
0	it's not hard life is not hard.
0	she joined us here in studio 3a.
0	oh you know what it actually does.
0	and let me ask did it work?
0	i almost forgot the system cue there.
0	roger in santa rosa california hi roger.
0	no i wouldn't say regardless of party.
0	tell   folks what that song is about.
0	madeleine listeners were split on this conversation.
0	a scuttle blew open during that storm.
0	is that as good as being together?
0	but boutique implies higher quality of service.
0	give us some idea of what's happening.
0	exports of u.s. agricultural products were up.
0	they're buying a lot of broadcast television.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and none of that ruled you out?
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	and we're taking your calls at 800-989-8255.
0	we experience pain in very individual ways.
0	memphis city officials were open to change.
0	yeah it's definitely not a done deal.
0	they contribute to genuine durable economic growth.
0	so this is definitely a historic moment.
0	but you know this is the beginning.
0	this is java man that's right yeah.
0	they tried to work with the poor.
0	so gottlieb really lived a jekyll-and-hyde life.
0	we see this super easily with water.
0	who do you think it should be?
0	what do these cuts look like kelly?
0	they were extraordinary people were they not?
0	ruby don't take your love to town.
0	i'm going to admit it was fun.
0	what did that tell you about him?
0	everyone was very honest was very direct.
0	i mean so what happens now dan?
0	i made a study of romance comics.
0	and i went into some different areas.
0	i think they had a big problem.
0	they go along inside your blood vessels.
0	her mom's white and her dad's black.
0	my you know my wife detests it.
0	it's a small subgroup that actually does.
0	i'm sorry sean are you still there?
0	for more now we've got bill fletcher.
0	it made them both targets for terrorists.
0	they'd like to see firing of bishops.
0	and you indicated that there's some reluctance.
0	it could be jewels   in some cases.
0	this is worst than what you expected?
0	here's what adam schiff had to say.
0	i went through 24 hours of labor.
0	i said you're a longtime virginia resident.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	april actually wasnt part of davids study.
0	and john maynard keynes died a millionaire.
0	professionally tom delay was a pest exterminator.
0	two years ago the fbi approached me.
0	jeffrey thanks very much for the call.
0	i   got to give up some things.
0	sean i want to begin with you.
0	you know there's so much sea spray.
0	hamid thanks very much for the call.
0	all 33 crew members on board died.
0	he said joe biden was stone-cold crooked.
0	and he wanted it to be bipartisan.
0	it depends how badly outspent he is.
0	in fact the wage effects are slight.
0	stop to think about that 110-miles-per-hour winds.
0	but there's this other thing called melancholia.
0	why didn't you make the effort before?
0	that is performed by the bottle boys.
0	he calls shawn to the witness stand.
0	nothing in that case has been proven.
0	so i just took the guilty plea.
0	you can't watch them on your telephone.
0	so let's go out to the river.
0	but vegan has additional rules to it.
0	which is exactly what the book is.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	why do you like it so much?
0	i think so she probably should have.
0	are you hearing any reaction to this?
0	zimbabweans are hurting during this cash crunch.
0	we're still certainly on track for that.
0	i think you have to be both.
0	think rockets shooting off into the sky.
0	we owe it to the american people.
0	here's what incumbent republican kelly loeffler advertises.
0	this is frank stasio on npr news.
0	that guy you're crazy about tom petty?
0	you can also join the conversation online.
0	david calls this the conundrum of colorblindness.
0	he was born in seattle in 1964.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	he was on medication therapy early on.
0	but they were taking us to prison.
0	it's one of charlie parker's classic compositions.
0	can you tell us what's still outstanding?
0	i had a couple of quick questions.
0	the government said it was an accident.
0	a gold dome and minaret loom overhead.
0	that's almost 30000 subscribers each bottle boy.
0	this is a freedom of each individual.
0	then he drops down 33 feet down.
0	and i do find that very refreshing.
0	and he argues it's starting to happen.
0	please tell us about this enterprising 13-year-old.
0	it's whatever price they want to set.
0	i think we're seeing a cultural change.
0	so why do you think it persists?
0	and they're all the shelters are full.
0	it's fear that's been hurting his business.
0	they've got a lean and hungry look.
0	and what do you use it for?
0	so it's just a really good interface.
0	i'm going to start making stuff up.
0	and i picked it up hello ms.
0	no. actually it was cucumbers and tomatoes.
0	i don't even know where to begin.
0	i'm an associate professor of applied psychology.
0	what do you do for a living?
0	my mom would never have done that.
0	so i walked out with the beer.
0	let's get a call in from david.
0	anyways we'll talk more about that later.
0	brown says those meetings usually remain secret.
0	it's very difficult for a small businessperson.
0	but they were temps not permanent staff.
0	all right thanks for the question yosef.
0	i want a piece of the pie.
0	so you know it proved my point.
0	charles fishman good to talk to you.
0	is that a fair thing to predict?
0	bonaire is known as a diver's paradise.
0	no give us a top-rated one yeah.
0	direct popular vote wasn't going to work.
0	they look at those other things too.
0	film critic desson thomson in our studios.
0	do you have any regrets about that?
0	where are you talking to me from?
0	dozens of states are considering red-flag laws.
0	well what does that tell the people?
0	diversity requires proactive attention by the administration.
0	we always wish them a perfect day.
0	and his partner was a white lesbian.
0	but what if the outcome is disputed?
0	what do you hear from inside syria?
0	on the other hand this is insidious.
0	joe welcome to talk of the nation.
0	we'll hear more about his reasoning ahead.
0	what does this supreme court decision mean?
0	the syrian government responded late last night.
0	everybody i've talked to agrees with that.
0	and that's about a 4.3 percent drop.
0	that's the wonderful thing about restorative justice.
0	it's hard to you know to judge.
0	but the state says it's too late.
0	the goat stares back at me silently.
0	you cannot legislate it out of existence.
0	and there needs to be some restitution.
0	that's obviously not the case right now.
0	so what was different about this episode?
0	this person i think is quite interesting.
0	and business are jumping on the idea.
0	i was i worked for the clintons.
0	they have to pay back their loans.
0	what trump policies would solve those problems?
0	whatever you do sugar don't look up.
0	but altogether you know what i mean?
0	compelling products now cheaper sales take off.
0	we can't let bad behavior slide anymore.
0	let's go to scott in san francisco.
0	i put it a slightly different way.
0	the first few weeks it was rough.
0	hopefully i'm beginning to   become more wise.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so i'm best at word puzzles frankly.
0	so there's this bird called the frigatebird.
0	what does beth not find in chess?
0	what does she see in that board?
0	he was allowed to plead no contest.
0	and officers had already arrived on scene.
0	it's my favorite so far i think.
0	most of them have voted by mail.
0	a kid approaches offers him a coke.
0	let's go next to this is joe.
0	he put his hands behind his back.
0	what does she see in gideon speyer?
0	thanks for having me on the show.
0	and i was always haunted by it.
0	here to answer that is joshua kurlantzick.
0	the pandemic recession tore through their stores.
0	my guest vicki wickham co-wrote the lyrics.
0	at the time nobody was doing that.
0	so voting's always been important to you.
0	i just want to make that clear.
0	and in canada you are energy independent?
0	the marines lost several hundred comrades here.
0	she cut on her arms and legs.
0	and you can get one right now.
0	i said dust get off the phone.
0	the telephone companies today hold that data.
0	you know you said so-called non-aligned movement.
0	i think it's important to be realistic.
0	so where does that leave the administration?
0	here's j.b. straubel the chief technology officer.
0	and that's where we're at right now.
0	so we make no apologies to anyone.
0	thanks so much for having me neal.
0	the economics are personal to him though.
0	agree to bring it to the floor.
0	everybody record on the phone real coward.
0	but that's what makes them the majority.
0	doing the basic stuff really really well.
0	and her best friend is richard jenkins.
0	dwivedi has investigated cyber-attacks since the 1990s.
0	i don't think it's dead at all.
0	what kinds of drugs are you using?
0	you might have a few of them.
0	black marketing power translates beyond african-american consumers.
0	you don't think they're on his playlist?
0	merck was not trying to silence critics.
0	but less bad isn't actually that good.
0	okay this is ira in the studio.
0	she really doesn't seem to be sincere.
0	come listen all you gals and boys.
0	but that's one place you can check.
0	y'all girls ain't little girls no more.
0	and you can't ask for much more.
0	their ages were between 19 and 50.
0	do you want to go do something?
0	here's mcconnell yesterday on the senate floor.
0	well people want to know the truth.
0	and i'm not talking about gotcha oversight.
0	and it's signs that life is continuing.
0	are you surprised by numbers like that?
0	i know money means nothing to you.
0	they can be a really aggressive animal.
0	gold had an appointment with her therapist.
0	and we'd pull them out of bed.
0	how long did that take to get?
0	i think people might be trying it.
0	thanks for calling talk of the nation.
0	so let's   stayeverybody stay where you are.
0	i don't want to die no more.
0	and he's been connecticut's longest-serving attorney general.
0	and today they're on a lunchtime date.
0	they told me get in the van.
0	but that's why we have a process.
0	there's going to continue to be flooding.
0	npr's cheryl corley is in ferguson missouri.
0	so we're going to get it done.
0	yeah no school today not for us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so i said yes i'd be interested.
0	tot mom's lies seem to have worked.
0	and it was like show and tell.
0	it really was a life of sports.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and you go and you see it.
0	children not corporations should make dolls talk.
0	thanks very much for the call paul.
0	we're also joined by gen. peter chiarelli.
0	meanwhile calls are flooding into his office.
0	and like eda said it's really tiring.
0	i think that should be the attitude.
0	you know i'm not convinced of that.
0	plus mcconnell has the votes without flake.
0	i used to bring doritos every day.
0	the performers have been encouraged to overdo.
0	you're running out of time and options.
0	and it needs to be called out.
0	i ask her that all the time.
0	he staked a claim in that speech.
0	sherwood wrote an internal memo in   response.
0	so it's been a very discouraging process.
0	and jill abramson is with us now.
0	so it's much easier to see that.
0	and we haven't somehow proven we're alone.
0	i think the anger turns off voters.
0	drew thanks very much for the call.
0	but the danger is not gone yet.
0	but again not very not terribly different.
0	there's also a pending case versus unc.
0	because you didn't know what you wanted?
0	it's something that's gone on for eons.
0	where did this storm strike near you?
0	he didn't know that   there were genes.
0	we jumped up and down and cried.
0	transitions usually work in a particular way.
0	now they have come to their senses.
0	her sister laaleen shoots her a look.
0	the sisters laugh close but not quite.
0	well one sounds faster than the other.
0	and did last night's speech measure up?
0	i said in general about all languages.
0	i really i did keep it up.
0	indonesia there's a lot of christian here.
0	it's how have they not gotten further.
0	it was all rumors and secondhand information.
0	they could do well i should say.
0	farmers shot them to feed their pigs.
0	there are just six pine trees left.
0	which side are you on my people?
0	her 16-month-old son sammy clings to her.
0	mentally you'll get burned out before physically.
0	julien baker her new album little oblivions.
0	and i can never take that away.
0	i know you still have family there.
0	i think our plant's positioned very well.
0	they really don't have any better options.
0	we all want a ceasefire right now.
0	yeah and they was just wilding out.
0	so in his opinion less is more.
0	are you suggesting that they still are?
0	we want to be a free   country.
0	because it always switches back to you.
0	yeah she was very mad at me.
0	in other words he's talking about himself.
0	many asylum-seekers say they got the message.
0	there is no party registration in vermont.
0	i'm not saying they're coordinating with obama.
0	because flake is in this interesting position.
0	holtz-eakin says they look for cheaper alternatives.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	it's the stark reality of indian women.
0	today we want to buy some food.
0	it felt like i was being mommy.
0	you know that's a really great question.
0	and he was so proud of us.
0	you know send some blood or dna.
0	she forced rosi to marry the guy.
0	the clinton people were ready to go.
0	kevin thanks very much for the call.
0	i think something i'd never seen before.
0	how is it affecting their daily life?
0	then chip chucker and manchild went down.
0	combs spoke with our co-host steve inskeep.
0	she's spending this campaign season in london.
0	so we're going in the right direction.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	here's california congressman dan lungren a republican.
0	is this a u.s. military service problem?
0	jennifer ordonez do you think she's right?
0	so there really is a ripple effect.
0	it always meant a lot to me.
0	it's named for a native american tribe.
0	marty thanks very much for the call.
0	what were you shopping for just now?
0	npr's business news starts with falling markets.
0	this is the best water right here.
0	npr's ari shapiro thank you very much.
0	here's an update on your national bird.
0	he was a candidate and a businessman.
0	and you know trump's a busy guy.
0	he's a research scholar at stanford university.
0	the bitterness comes from the cocoa bean.
0	well he did win the southern states.
0	when're you going to go up there?
0	hope things are a-ok with you scott.
0	what did you find out about her?
0	people were in front of the parliament.
0	so it may not be empty bluster.
0	it could be with the male partner.
0	we're pretty much daytime sort of creatures.
0	marcy calling from san rafael in california.
0	but her undocumented status has haunted her.
0	i don't see him as awfully   different.
0	but now it's fixed in his mind.
0	we need to take a short break.
0	you have to first drain the swamp.
0	chinese audiences didn't see that scene either.
0	no. but don't let that stop you.
0	araceli gonzalez-burkle is still recovering from covid.
0	jerry lifts him up in the limousine.
0	that's felix ever after by kacen callender.
0	well i was going to say instagram.
0	marcy thanks very much for the call.
0	it's the ultimate date movie i think.
0	you just have to disrupt the power.
0	what was it like in the military?
0	i try not to think about it.
0	ivan watson npr news in northern iraq.
0	hezbollah has a majority in the cabinet.
0	have you heard anything from those meetings?
0	but for shah there is no contradiction.
0	so that's really not affecting our availability.
0	it's relative to your home of course.
0	leave the euro one guest calls out.
0	we want to see the end result.
0	so obviously you feel strongly about this.
0	the gemini program added to their accomplishments.
0	it is he concedes a minority view.
0	when he wasn't the increased sanctions followed.
0	it's a great pleasure to be here.
0	and at last a moment of decency.
0	do you think first about the script?
0	cynthia erivo is in it you know?
0	and i'm like i'm here for you.
0	ina what's he accused of doing actually?
0	well i in general terms i agree.
0	ok npr white house correspondent tamara keith.
0	these people can't even do a budget.
0	can you tell us something about that?
0	we'll be following all these measures closely.
0	there is big holes in the wall.
0	you left baghdad university two years ago.
0	megan verlee works for colorado public radio.
0	mike we've got about 25 seconds left.
0	the first one was a little slow.
0	eye surgeons step away from their patients.
0	catherine koebel grew up in blacksburg va.
0	spain has actually rejected the idea altogether.
0	yeah what's fun about this new rock?
0	her programs all had very diverse casting.
0	government agencies said they weren't properly consulted.
0	thank you very much for your time.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	and there were 31 countries with competitors.
0	you know there's no substance in diamonds.
0	deluise died last night at age 75.
0	good to have you with us today.
0	thanks very much for the call robert.
0	npr's daniel estrin for us from jerusalem.
0	we did not follow traditional acquisitions processes.
0	that's divya singh with why music matters.
0	well we're hoping fema helps us out.
0	is that just too shiny for you?
0	she's here with me in studio 3a.
0	and these scrambles happened all the time.
0	in xiogang there was never enough food.
0	perhaps you could explain it to us?
0	and there's something else in here too.
0	you're going to get out of there.
0	marie started modeling for degas around 1878.
0	she was absolutely nothing of the sort.
0	he says he was in terrible shape.
0	it's everybody can get that for free.
0	lonnie thanks very much for the call.
0	and they represent rural thinly populated states.
0	it worked fine for a couple months.
0	so i'm very proud of my background.
0	you saw this in the 2020 elections.
0	the courts here could rule that unconstitutional.
0	correct because i don't believe in over-sacrifice.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	that's exactly the problem for especially women.
0	and i'm ron elving editor and correspondent.
0	a rather clever move by the russians.
0	i was watching you in the movie.
0	thanks for joining us from the catskills.
0	and i was like oh full circle.
0	you wonder what would i have done?
0	he had a smirk on his face.
0	he sighs rests back on his heels.
0	and so you identified a likely culprit.
0	how actually how accurate is that assessment?
0	there's all this focus on global warming.
0	we're not going to mishandle the evidence.
0	it's called get up sequences part one.
0	they know the current strategy isn't working.
0	what number comes next in the series?
0	he said he didn't want to interfere.
0	so start with the fox news interview.
0	money can be kind of a drag.
0	and then they'll hit the bus station.
0	yes the pendulum has swung too far.
0	these are company buses carrying h-2a workers.
0	thanks for playing the puzzle this week.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	we are at war in this country.
0	npr's lourdes garcia-navarro is in basra now.
0	and how many siblings do you have?
0	the average african-american has 20% european ancestry.
0	what changes if somebody's killed or injured?
0	and this episode proves that she's right.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	why is one batch similar to another?
0	fire can happen anywhere in this country.
0	they had on these beautiful white smocks.
0	eric thanks very much for the call.
0	and still inhalation you can take titrate.
0	and marijuana is no exception with that.
0	he's the oldest justice on the court.
0	and i take that mission pretty seriously.
0	iraqi police   casualties are up 30 percent.
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	shakespeare just put that with more elegance.
0	we would go and visit these streams.
0	we lived at all these different addresses.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	and so buddha is the enlightened one.
0	i have a question for the gentlemen.
0	republicans were able to hold that back.
0	see if we pitch that back up.
0	then why reopen restaurants on december 14?
0	oh the proof is in the pudding.
0	i'm going to read you some sentences.
0	another brother playa younger   one played guitar.
0	is that ratcheting up the whole protest?
0	you know i was thinking that myself.
0	they said it was simply a fluke.
0	he wanted to build a particular dam.
0	she joins us her in studio 3a.
0	he's working there in the first international.
0	let's hear from jack in redding california.
0	jack welcome to talk of the nation.
0	mikaela lefrak of member station wamu reports.
0	twenty-six-year-old otto saki's father was a soldier.
0	so we need that fish specie around.
0	so it's a grand experiment isn't it?
0	i mean he was his childhood friend.
0	they make in other words human decisions.
0	the first news came in radio bulletins.
0	and that was the end of doves.
0	pow works in new delhi india's capital.
0	i don't know that it's changed nothing.
0	they were all a little bit different.
0	you know that's really a turning point.
0	was this perhaps an indication of that?
0	he couldn't afford the fee for one.
0	he was also breathing very very deeply.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	you just learn to deal with it.
0	so remind us of last week's challenge.
0	wayne frederick is president of howard university.
0	that position precludes him from political endorsements.
0	i do think this is a start.
0	most analysts will say all of them.
0	i think they'll contest the nomination yeah.
0	and the leaves rustling have a song.
0	well it depends on where i am.
0	and i didn't   want to go there.
0	and she's cooperated with all of them.
0	chrysler is bringing back the dodge dart.
0	yes that is a very common thing.
0	rob thanks very much for the call.
0	we don't want another war with iran.
0	you still have to leave the   country.
0	they've got to get someone else involved.
0	and he said this will go through.
0	but then he walked it all back.
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	fox news' daytime ratings have completely collapsed.
0	and the protests as you say continue.
0	in oregon their annual salary is $31000.
0	she too likes the polls but cautions.
0	and i was like are you serious?
0	well i always have my own reaction.
0	i appreciate every album that i've heard.
0	i thought it was firecrackers or something.
0	candy is calling us from portland oregon.
0	well ofeibea that's obviously the critical question.
0	so far the government is not precarious.
0	the people of south sudan were jubilant.
0	the election the deadline is november 22nd.
0	bill gates said he was a leader?
0	they don't see how sick people are.
0	and that sounded like fun to me.
0	because he is speaking about african americans.
0	these earned him the nickname the storyteller.
0	ok let's leave it there for now.
0	with contractors the total u.s. force doubles.
0	is asking what's your prognosis too nosey?
0	and now he comes in very late.
0	npr's daniel estrin from jerusalem for us.
0	i've got a duty as a juror.
0	let's go to dawn in st. louis.
0	like his speeches i guess lincoln's speeches.
0	how long is that likely to take?
0	and my last question is about mississippi.
0	friends you know they're crazy about podcasts.
0	so i don't think they got out.
0	people who will contribute to economic recovery.
0	you were out sick that day yeah.
0	this is the indicator from planet money.
0	this is a panel of outside experts.
0	like he had no objection at all.
0	peter smerdon joins us now from nairobi.
0	i just gave what do you say?
0	martin thanks very much for the call.
0	we have lots of models of success.
0	what do these videos suggest you do?
0	no im not saying that at all.
0	that's npr's national security editor phil ewing.
0	that was the headline of the piece.
0	muriel you did a really great job.
0	we do like to hear from you.
0	good luck to you and your family.
0	and i think they achieved their objective.
0	we're getting bookings much closer to home.
0	i think bob is calling from oakland.
0	policies over which they have no control.
0	i don't like hypocrisy of any kind.
0	it's great to be back with you.
0	we're going to take care of you.
0	he will be nominated for veterans affairs.
0	and you may have known that spencer.
0	and that's for a series of reasons.
0	so i guess they all know now.
0	and it was like a 60-40 split.
0	he joins us from the campus fair.
0	this is a fascinating one i think.
0	from npr west it's all things considered.
0	you have to know how to market.
0	somebody has got to start doing this.
0	and sharanda's there with a life sentence.
0	you basically have to apply for it.
0	it tastes like it tastes like salmon.
0	they don't have screens on their windows.
0	that's what they call the   nuclear option.
0	she also writes a blog at cocofly.
0	this is the cuban singer-songwriter silvio rodriguez.
0	so this guy is the real deal.
0	but how transparent can government really be?
0	we see it with our own eyes.
0	however i still enjoy window shopping online.
0	i mean pictures even can be misleading.
0	i mean i love what i do.
0	we're trying to rebuild the gulf coast.
0	and last week's earthquake highlights that concern.
0	and that could happen sometime this week.
0	my wife used to work for her.
0	he has a lot of good ideas.
0	that person was a delaware state judge.
0	among them was the lead movie critic.
0	that ugliness reached a peak in 1974.
0	and he wanted to do his part.
0	this is where you want to be.
0	maybe your job is a pressure cooker.
0	brandon thanks very much for your call.
0	leana wen is an emergency room doctor.
0	both sides know what's at stake there.
0	this is how you can top that.
0	and so it strikes me as unfortunate.
0	it just happened in like 20 minutes.
0	so you carry it with you now?
0	is the cia contact here especially damning?
0	yeah it's been pretty swift and angry.
0	are there ads tailored just for you?
0	your story was about articles in newspapers.
0	these folks out here are way independent.
0	well i am given pause by that.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	how did you find out about this?
0	another very senior british officer john yates.
0	we did a training expedition in greenland.
0	there'll be out today at the bureau.
0	they know how to do the dances.
0	i've made a bunch of romantic albums.
0	the answer to that is probably   yes.
0	we had some fantastic support from intel.
0	you're a different kind of frontline worker.
0	and often that information is more abstract.
0	you haven't made the sale with them.
0	anywhere from 200 percent to 5,000 percent.
0	i have not followed the right path.
0	we're talking about the u.s. secret service.
0	and then he said you know what?
0	stay tuned for diet coke with rebiana.
0	but clearly the u.s. is very involved.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	you were imprisoned during saddam hussein's time.
0	and that's a real concern for us.
0	he scored 22 points indiana beat miami.
0	well what about the bigger picture here?
0	he says clinical trials will be helpful.
0	i've got this sort of mental geography.
0	say who you are name and address.
0	it's probably a fairly large number still.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	where and why was that decision made?
0	but yeah it's been kind of miserable.
0	and yet he was in a bind.
0	one of them was a thai vessel.
0	studios don't want to take any risks.
0	we're about to track two related developments.
0	they couldn't flush the toilet or whatever.
0	that's npr's lourdes garcia-navarro in buenos aires.
0	the banks took some hits on this.
0	sign up for one hour of training.
0	brain drain is a real worry here.
0	how do you get past those arguments?
0	my mom never left my dad   and.
0	those operations push insurgents across the border.
0	and he's been closely following this story.
0	so he tries to get an interpreter.
0	some people finding christine blasey ford credible.
0	football was a game he knew well.
0	today we're giving them about 40 minutes.
0	and then the judge issues his ruling.
0	he probably thought he could've won it.
0	it's all part of legal guidelines actually.
0	your co-pay is going to go up.
0	she said daddy he talked a lot.
0	you're not taking the most direct route.
0	that works better on stage when people.
0	i think that'd be a good idea.
0	we both trained for it like athletes.
0	now people who follow china understand this.
0	it seems a lot of my friends.
0	the number of people is going down?
0	yes a quiet place that is correct.
0	and she says that's costing the airline.
0	why do i have to have cancer?
0	you mentioned the stimulus versus the bailout.
0	my family lost everything in the house.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	he and others have mentioned sheriff dupnik.
0	and i don't think they'll drift away.
0	it was 72% in the united states.
0	john thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	what was your gateway into that world?
0	but this is a very closed society.
0	this is retired lieutenant general evgeny buzhinsky.
0	it's something that she loves to do.
0	he says the problem is with recruitment.
0	and those high notes are so interesting.
0	he's editor of the immunization action coalition.
0	albert gonzales is a 28-year-old from miami.
0	there were also two unnamed corporate victims.
0	marty thanks very much for the call.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he's gone an hour and 15 minutes.
0	that's why we've don't broadcast in aromarama.
0	the warsaw pact defined the enemy camp.
0	will georgia take part or opt out?
0	hey how are you all doing tonight?
0	the unemployment rate there is 8.9 percent.
0	he'd once lived a comfortable middle-class life.
0	thanks very much for the call larry.
0	and you know i'm glad it's there.
0	you saw this also with mike pompeo.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so that's $30 billion of losses somewhere.
0	only frontier and spirit airlines were worse.
0	well you say produced by the users.
0	do you have to pay them all?
0	that is what apple is worried about.
0	this is an abc news special report.
0	all right thanks for your call jared.
0	let's move on to topic number two.
0	one hundred and eighty-seven people were killed.
0	maybe this is happening because it's me.
0	visitors watch 50 million clips per day.
0	here's what he said tuesday about kudlow.
0	sheila with us from nehalem in oregon.
0	all asians look alike to black people.
0	well it's a childhood dream come true.
0	but i do want to remember them.
0	they see a path to profitability here.
0	there are two so-called improvements to this.
0	so i'll remember your father eric today.
0	the full report is on the web.
0	we have a physician on-call specialist shortage.
0	so you've been listening to the conversation.
0	i happen to be a deficit hawk.
0	but just recently they've cut that out.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	let me ask one other thing ofeibea.
0	that was actually a pretty compelling conversation.
0	cameron i'm going to start with you.
0	amy thanks very much for the call.
0	that's tomorrow on talk of the nation.
0	and obviously we've lost over 4000 virginians.
0	ladies and gentlemen the cadillac converj concept.
0	do you feel like you've finally arrived?
0	and i'm mara liasson national political correspondent.
0	and are they getting phone calls in?
0	it turned out we were overly optimistic.
0	i'm full of delight i'm slanging delight.
0	lucille oh too write liza minnelli yeah.
0	yeah and i just sit on it.
0	and the best example is degradable sutures.
0	i mean this was an early design.
0	i think that's what the world needs.
0	i'm going to come back for more.
0	i've had it since i was 16.
0	plus the new vigilante cell phone jammers.
0	and tyson was responding to that demand.
0	so you guys are playing the radio.
0	thirty percent had no training at all.
0	i felt like my face made sense.
0	but there was no one to ask.
0	paul is from san antonio in texas.
0	so now he's trying it another way.
0	josh welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and that's making the problem even worse.
0	late one night she got a call.
0	i think we're talking apples and oranges.
0	well i'm not going to go there.
0	as though it was '60s colors right.
0	i'm talking exelon entergy constellation southern company.
0	well that's a small element of it.
0	pastor mike smith has tried to help.
0	she lost her ability to feel delight.
0	i want you to listen to me.
0	she joined us from member station wwno.
0	wyden lost his fight for additional safeguards.
0	for the crime of driving with cash?
0	he started wanting to fool around again.
0	obviously he samples the speeches of jfk.
0	i get they don't talk about it.
0	he doesn't move the embassy to jerusalem.
0	well there is to a certain extent.
0	he drove it for about three weeks.
0	it was all npr all the time.
0	wait that's what we're going to do?
0	the u.s. military credits its own intelligence.
0	and why is that the nice doll?
0	so why is the boom happening now?
0	it really is up in the air.
0	how did his problems with addiction start?
0	i'm so sick of listening to her.
0	why was such a big deal right?
0	so how is the script coming along?
0	but first america's role in the world.
0	so there's a lot we can do.
0	you have to do what it says.
0	i mean they had to do something.
0	take it up back kids that's okay.
0	ron elving is npr's senior washington editor.
0	you mentioned african-american voters and young voters.
0	this goes back to the trial court.
0	so that's i guess the continuing problem.
0	jon nice to have you with us.
0	let me get the headphone set up.
0	i hope that voice makes a difference.
0	now it's time for the nano lectures.
0	so how are you feeling about this?
0	it's good to be with you neal.
0	it sounds like a mosquito this thing.
0	are you taking some of the credit?
0	and i was very dramatic about it.
0	now do we eat with our eyes?
0	libby thanks very much for the call.
0	she wanted the reunion to remain pleasant.
0	but anyway here comes more ig silliness.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is the older generation of dissidents.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	because i have to listen to songs.
0	she packs her wallet and her airpods.
0	people say that they taste quite good.
0	it's good to be with you scott.
0	so we leave you with their words.
0	that's why the guerra's taxi sits unused.
0	nice to have you in the studio.
0	that's where we got soul on ice.
0	john bolton is our guest this hour.
0	and then something kind of magical happens.
0	i took my feathers off to dry.
0	tell me the address of the place.
0	we're talking of course with murray horwitz.
0	but he did attach some significant strings.
0	we live on the brink of poverty.
0	deanna was off to the side watching.
0	richard cordray is the watchdog agency director.
0	they were old and out of luck.
0	on the playground you hear a mix.
0	annette is there with her four grandchildren.
0	are you saying it was an accident?
0	but was it beneficial what we're providing?
0	mr. wittes thanks for being with us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	then he repeats the process with jason.
0	so there's already momentum on that side.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	are there homes that don't have them?
0	welcome back to science friday dr. mann.
0	i want to keep my family safe.
0	is it people in their own homes?
0	about 300 candidates applied for 30 slots.
0	i am a nationally certified medical assistant.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	director christopher mcelroen describes staging that scene.
0	like i had a really long day.
0	where do broken hearts go whitney houston.
0	we clearly militarily are engaged in iraq.
0	a few days ago something spooked him.
0	they going to win the whole thing.
0	we'll talk about it after this break.
0	president barack obama was there in mid-july.
0	but horner says the demographics are shifting.
0	then you have to have different girlfriends.
0	dillinger used that fake gun to escape.
0	we're busy not doing something about this.
0	it's called weekends on all things considered.
0	i thought he did really really well.
0	yeah we're really the youth of naples.
0	and does she realize what fear is?
0	what more do we know about that?
0	jennifer grass is a spokeswoman for careerbuilder.
0	let's get a caller in on this.
0	and nancy briefly what are those mechanisms?
0	i think we just heard from him.
0	george washington could have been a king.
0	you're like we're not going to win?
0	in france it's come as you are.
0	our feed bills this summer just sky-rocketed.
0	where would you take this research next?
0	well i'm sure you're going to try.
0	they have more employees than they need.
0	private insurance companies are capitalizing on healthcare.
0	so that's what we're doing this hour.
0	it's out in selected theaters this friday.
0	doctors have shown her snakes and spiders.
0	and it's it's actually bigger than that.
0	and jane how did these protests begin?
0	the democrat argues for a strong government.
0	i just kept the top the same.
0	i've known michael a long long time.
0	will that be damaged by this scandal?
0	and i went out into the auditorium.
0	there's another there's some negatives as well.
0	yes i was definitely voting for barbara.
0	volkswagen was also skeptical of hybrid technology.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	gregory scheidler's rent is $20,000 a month.
0	nancy thanks very much for the call.
0	so it's not something theoretical for us.
0	that's certainly how many people read it.
0	there's a spider on the dollar bill?
0	and either way it works for you.
0	they didn't ask where it came from.
0	this is all at the early stage.
0	nobody was ever put back in jail.
0	what all brought this to a head?
0	well the same thing happened with buzz.
0	a monopsony is the opposite of monopoly.
0	in fact all those bebop players were.
0	and of course i've moved on too.
0	well i'd like to think i was.
0	that would clearly cloud the diesel's future.
0	is that part of what's happening here?
0	in the case of the private loans?
0	sanctions take time as you said before.
0	they'll have to test more nuclear weapons.
0	she held up the alliedbarton employee handbook.
0	last weekend frank brought his kids along.
0	fratto isn't convinced the math adds up.
0	your friend works so hard she said.
0	i think this is the big difference.
0	well i won't count on your vote.
0	this was sort of the interview process.
0	and it was a generous severance package.
0	and the united states has spoken out.
0	that's a lot like a military mom.
0	he was a trial attorney at justice.
0	he's spending like crazy there in michigan.
0	and the united states is a signatory.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and they said that at 8:00 a.m.
0	and there was even discussion about alternatives.
0	monday of course is new year's eve.
0	no that doesn't have eggs in it.
0	yeah also all's well that ends well.
0	tell us more about how they're responding.
0	and it's really more than just museums.
0	you're an artist in a different way.
0	but gross expects they'll be the majority.
0	they have found replacements that are non-nuclear.
0	so i bring them here to witness.
0	paul you're on talk of the nation.
0	now the russians colonized siberia centuries ago.
0	you'd be in the middle of nowhere.
0	there's lots of questions about his policies.
0	what changes seem possible to you now?
0	so wesley you work for the post.
0	and what does this mean going forward?
0	it's really a tale of two cities.
0	and might invent a perpetual motion mustang.
0	that's kind of like home doctors visits.
0	that's former palermo police officer carmine mosca.
0	what exactly are women allowed to do?
0	but the most common language was russian.
0	what change what difference did it make?
0	he offers to loan them the money.
0	in any case as we move ahead.
0	be the union leader of south carolina.
0	well that was on february 17 2011.
0	camelina sativa is a traditional oilseed crop.
0	stephen spielberg was coming for a visit.
0	oh we're just here for the day.
0	we were able to sit down together.
0	let's go- stand up ladies and gentlemen.
0	he has been mostly inside the bubble.
0	and my dad's team can't catch up.
0	we're losing them at an alarming rate.
0	call and tell us your nominee: 800-989-8255.
0	you know it was just so unpredictable.
0	may of the year of the election.
0	the termites cooked up like little cracklings.
0	he had signed with the boston celtics.
0	what is senator obama's plan for this?
0	give my love to ron elving please.
0	well in my book i argue this.
0	i can do the job you're doing.
0	and they're both showing it to me.
0	and therefore we cannot win this election.
0	well i thought i'd try that one.
0	what   do you say about real estate?
0	so will the democrats reshape america's economy?
0	i don't have to tell them that.
0	well some of it is societal definitely.
0	i talk about this tomorrow on fred08.
0	the house bill has no such provisions.
0	i wasn't on either of the campaigns.
0	no they were like that sounds fun.
0	not having internet means no online banking.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but i was just super super quiet.
0	we are here today to say no.
0	and we were able to do it.
0	scott speedman and derek jacobi also star.
0	it's time now for our africa update.
0	the program is produced by diane wu.
0	we read of her being a diva.
0	but it's not just about looking backwards.
0	it's certainly the story of the year.
0	they're standing at the gates of universities.
0	i mean how can   you be bitter?
0	how did you come to those conclusions?
0	so take a listen to the tape.
0	they were approaching 220-plus miles per hour.
0	you can look at literature and art.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	so time is an element of sanctions?
0	it's sort of a notorious poison there.
0	but is he otherwise a credible figure?
0	so you end up having problems initiating.
0	colleen is on the line from boise.
0	i mean isn't it what about cronyism?
0	i didn't want to talk to them.
0	minority leader harry reid made a plea.
0	there's link to that on our website.
0	as you can see they're very small.
0	do you think he advanced his case?
0	yeah small-r recovery though as you mentioned.
0	another sticking point might have been that.
0	he's the governor of a swing state.
0	so yeah that's a pretty effective commercial.
0	it's just been great to have her.
0	charles is with us from kingston arizona.
0	everyone takes a turn in the chair.
0	and then the other is staying calm.
0	and it's not something he's happy about.
0	and they still look exactly the same.
0	meaning you better do a good job?
0	npr's sonari glinton is covering this story.
0	ceuta and malilla are both very small.
0	her father fought the turks in cyprus.
0	oh sure there were lots of them.
0	he's born in germany in the 1800s.
0	i thought agamemnon was such a diva.
0	but the storm complicated things big time.
0	shepard sticks the pole in the water.
0	and he complained about npr enforcing ideology.
0	and clearly the families do hang on.
0	oh what a difference 116 years makes.
0	the country conditions are what they are.
0	dennis welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and we all want to be meaningful.
0	they are not deporting any of them.
0	he joins us in just a moment.
0	that arm won't do you any good.
0	we'll see if he can walk through.
0	you drive a lot of cars huh?
0	we don't design drugs to kill people.
0	in the end this collective sacrifice worked.
0	did that make you feel under pressure?
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	he says these communities need that money.
0	and you heard that in scott's piece.
0	and the imf was persuaded by us.
0	ann thanks very much for the call.
0	i hold my breath on the borrowing.
0	he helped train the afghan national army.
0	i'm not in favor of the borrowing.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	so we are concerned about their flight.
0	it's poll science debate 2012 at sciencefriday.
0	oh thank you for taking my call.
0	but it was neither of those things.
0	in this one it stops at cheney.
0	then she spoke of her son's smile.
0	that's kurt miller son of warren miller.
0	now imagine 400 people in this state.
0	my mom loved celia cruz miriam makeba.
0	you can argue with that i suppose.
0	let's hear from mark in portland oregon.
0	so i think it's about 4.4 million.
0	that was my mom at some point.
0	they were tired of politics as usual.
0	yes baba but you have the phone.
0	roberta welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he points to his neighborhood coffee shop.
0	let me introduce you to these students.
0	look at the chunk of that 94.
0	right most people are uncomfortable in cemeteries.
0	it's a great coffee provides a service.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i think there has to be closure.
0	even in dr. zhivago you know the.
0	you let your heart lead your head.
0	how could- what would my mom think?
0	it's point and click with these guys.
0	oh man there's too many to name.
0	i mean we have this lawsuit now.
0	it was the longest expansion on record.
0	angela's   calling us from south bend indiana.
0	and i was like i don't know.
0	and give us a call 800-989-8255 800-989-talk.
0	danforth said it was hurtful and anti-semitic.
0	did you get a sense of that?
0	can i get a kale caesar please?
0	are we dogs or are we humans?
0	is the trial going to be   televised?
0	and even swallowing can be a problem.
0	she is now officially a missing monster.
0	i think it does make a difference.
0	she's got a head for it too.
0	they talked to other politicians about this.
0	and my guess will be shirley chisholm.
0	are you looking an answer from sherrie?
0	scott graf of member station wfae reports.
0	flavia de la fuente editor of dreamactivist.
0	i know you've seen family that's depressed.
0	barbara thanks very much for the call.
0	on sunday more trouble for the republicans.
0	and even some counts done at sea.
0	could that be due to climate change?
0	well the answer as you well know.
0	its chief editor is aye chan naing.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. dunn.
0	that describes my experience to a tee.
0	were the firings for purely political reasons?
0	mike what do you think about that?
0	so it's a very fluid situation politically.
0	she was editor-in-chief of the school paper.
0	i think it's well you know yeah.
0	how would you compare the two experiences?
0	you know absolutely i believe in spanking.
0	yeah rachel i think it really is.
0	and i'm madeleine brand in los angeles.
0	can you just say what that is?
0	we heard an earlier caller do that.
0	and at 4 o'clock i was walking.
0	phased in over about 20 years yeah.
0	i don't do it real bad anymore.
0	some republicans might agree to tax hikes.
0	gina coplon-newfield is with the sierra club.
0	no i guess pat has left us.
0	and with that we're on the ground.
0	it's a huge part of the culture.
0	mark dayton did lose two statewide races.
0	then henry said i will get revenge.
0	for npr   news this is walter cronkite.
0	the costs of tutoring are going down.
0	businesses are raising prices make that illegal.
0	that's just never going to go away.
0	npr's frank langfitt joining us from japan.
0	you put that money in a drawer.
0	what am i going to tell them?
0	maybe secretary rumsfeld to the president's right.
0	that's what she's told you i bet.
0	from npr west it's day to day.
0	it's it's solemn and we get it.
0	and it's like wherever everyone else lives.
0	so it's a strange environment very surreal.
0	they're not leaving themselves any wiggle room.
0	for me i covered the u.s. military.
0	newt gingrich not doing so well now.
0	jackie's with us from charlotte north carolina.
0	and so we see those on pillowcases.
0	somebody who can't stand to be contradicted.
0	so i told her that wasn't right.
0	what kind of research can you do?
0	she had her two granddaughters with her.
0	that was the last governor christopher patten.
0	in 1984 they struck a joint declaration.
0	trim right underneath the hair follicle there.
0	salsa is sau- oh salsa means sauce?
0	and they want to do this again.
0	so you get this kind of situation.
0	glen thanks very much for the call.
0	in 1995 we followed some house freshmen.
0	we definitely have to work through it.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i was learning as i was going.
0	yeah that's not a lot to ask.
0	mr. lieutenant governor good to have you.
0	it'sthat to me is an   ignorant statement.
0	deanna paused to consider it before answering.
0	but you're very worried about this disease.
0	and we celebrate them as an individual.
0	and i'll just leave it at that.
0	dry waist-high grasses grab at your clothes.
0	you're the oldest son in your family.
0	the person doing this is scaachi koul.
0	we just met a few minutes ago.
0	no one said she's broken a law.
0	from atlanta npr's kathy lohr has more.
0	she was she was not in charge.
0	ken rudin is with us of course.
0	lots of color in the studio today.
0	bettye lavette's voice possesses an undeniable power.
0	let me say two things about that.
0	an email from sally in grand rapids.
0	pakistan's nuclear weapons program is very sensitive.
0	but it's original and ultimately really affecting.
0	and it's important that we never forget.
0	this is in your book it is?
0	i thought i'd cut my throat open.
0	what kind of impact is this having?
0	kim jong un will be exceedingly well-prepared.
0	they don't know what he doesn't know.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it will become a dry desert valley.
0	it's hard to draw those competitive seats.
0	i personally have never witnessed an execution.
0	most significantly the u.s. economy is soft.
0	well the adjectives are swift and fast.
0	sort of the pippin out the notes.
0	three of us in that group yeah.
0	npr's jim zarroli joined us from berlin.
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	arun always good to be with you.
0	but you have those days every day.
0	the candidates never actually shared the stage.
0	we have christians against muslims against jews.
0	so you know it's an interesting dynamic.
0	and other parts of his anatomy perhaps.
0	they've sometimes given away other people's information.
0	how are bulger's attorneys handling their case?
0	he's taking his time about naming somebody.
0	that's where all the good gossip happens.
0	now here's how he arives at that.
0	in that sense can you fault him?
0	and he introduces himself and says alternet.
0	talks in jordan sputtered to a halt.
0	do you think annette got it right?
0	i'm not going to shake your hand.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	the country's going through a humanitarian crisis.
0	where do you come down on that?
0	it's just on that little narrow point.
0	you know it's all hill over dale.
0	and i was like oh yeah cool.
0	and frankly we're not getting that cooperation.
0	i love the speed of the game.
0	they've got to get their priorities right.
0	however that is a very real threat.
0	that's michael warren from the weekly standard.
0	the sanctions have slashed iran's oil revenues.
0	do you think she got it right?
0	you can sing a minute of anything.
0	and then it's up to you ok?
0	it was inspired say curators by stonehenge.
0	that energy   can be measured in calories.
0	and you know they told us this.
0	and the president tried to make ground.
0	she took the kids to a friend's.
0	you know hillary clinton famously wore pantsuits.
0	yeah because it keeps her spirit present.
0	the quality in general is very good.
0	wow and that's because they're so small.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	have questions for the experts about snoring?
0	let me ask you this very quickly.
0	that wasn't the case with michael wasylyk.
0	npr's business news starts with what else?
0	he spoke with us from santa ana.
0	oh yeah you can dance with me.
0	the younger physicians have not seen measles.
0	one night seriously intoxicated she was raped.
0	thanks a lot for talking to us.
0	isn't she a little bit like that?
0	kathleen thanks very much for the call.
0	we were both large both seven pounds.
0	and the range of devices has increased.
0	we wanted to be our own people.
0	i think yeah i think it happens.
0	what is the world's largest tobacco company?
0	leslie thanks very much for the call.
0	it was a real boost for hard-liners.
0	i think we have heard condoleezza rice.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	kureishi describes her as a curtain rail.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	so we're looking for candor old buddy.
0	hopefully she hasn't hung up this time.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	she needed to crush that other person.
0	turn it into a hit broadway musical.
0	john sepulvado of member station wusf reports.
0	they're blaming the government shutdown on republicans.
0	in my opinion it wasn't a debate.
0	but let's go to you charles blow.
0	i'm sean cole in for ira glass.
0	it's a marvin gaye tammi terrell-type song.
0	when's my dad going to be back?
0	i have a question for the economist.
0	but more importantly you'll raise that denominator.
0	she tries to care a little less.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	they say this is just first steps.
0	like they had no concern for her.
0	this is certainly his first big challenge.
0	begging for the return of their children.
0	now we must focus on practical deliverables.
0	he upheld the requirement and the law.
0	so there are two elements to it.
0	it's the 110 which is a highway.
0	yes by i think a former patient.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	coming up analysis from our legal experts.
0	did you hear that we welcome comments?
0	i think it's a combination of factors.
0	david beers' father was an aerospace engineer.
0	how did you sneak up on me?
0	it's a bigger piece of this jigsaw.
0	tell me about abdel basset ali al-megrahi.
0	most of our lots were completely empty.
0	and my parents were completely against it.
0	but netanyahu may face a choice here.
0	and i think we proved that tonight.
0	we can't get that far right now.
0	hi i'm katie nice to meet you.
0	they wanted to talk about something else.
0	now they were fed up and defensive.
0	but we were in the minority then.
0	you had people you could talk to.
0	and well let's talk about that story.
0	economic it's an instrument to do security.
0	oh i have to try that one.
0	and he said there's been a shooting.
0	we drove back through the frightening mountains.
0	and eventually copies were distributed to us.
0	humor is the last place of liberty.
0	that's curtis gilroy of the defense department.
0	david sanderson a reporter for the times.
0	adam hochberg npr news columbia south carolina.
0	as npr's deborah amos reports from damascus.
0	it'll the whole thing belongs to us.
0	we know it's going to be annoying.
0	maciel died two years later in 2008.
0	and it was directed by dan lohaus.
0	at dusk i meet a tunnel owner.
0	but i think obama had no choice.
0	and that is what cooking is about.
0	look there was no bipartisanship on this.
0	and i think this says two things.
0	so we need to be very organized.
0	like folks will hear that a lot.
0	that's a nice way of putting it.
0	the new law affects them too certainly.
0	i have a husband and two wives.
0	and which you write about it's extraordinary.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	that interview by my colleague madeleine brand.
0	again it's not all two inches everywhere.
0	but that is what they were saying.
0	congressman goodlatte good to speak with you.
0	is that taking into account the undercurrents?
0	amazon employs hundreds of thousands of americans.
0	and there were so many other attacks.
0	four candidates remain in the republican field.
0	i like to write take long walks.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	one in 5 mainers are on medicaid.
0	so they just did what comes naturally.
0	weeks later the county released its report.
0	he's president of the italian red cross.
0	dhs is no longer ignoring the law.
0	this is neal conan from npr news.
0	my name is ali from new haven.
0	what does this bring up for you?
0	and with that we started that today.
0	there have been occasions when i didn't.
0	flapping your arms isn't going to work.
0	and i want it to be correct.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it really depends on the individual user.
0	you still hear them in certain places.
0	it opens and closes like a valve.
0	and the kids start when they're young.
0	that's chief mcnoris's office in the back.
0	because that's kind of how you go.
0	he has a following on the internet.
0	ian macdonald we'll put that to you.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	some   will have to work 24-hour shifts.
0	but to me she was judy garland.
0	a whole series of incidents like that.
0	we need to monitor it through time.
0	so this is all in the future.
0	barbara thanks very much for the call.
0	now the story of an unlikely marriage.
0	your time there about 30 years now.
0	let's get a tiny bit more adventurous.
0	and she was dead three months later.
0	so it becomes a sort of discussion.
0	a human is not just a machine.
0	so he actually has a chinese wife.
0	she says exhaustion is also a symptom.
0	and the first one is scrap s-c-r-a-p.
0	no. it wasn't that we expected it.
0	i had been laying on the floor.
0	and where do you stand on legalization?
0	so let's just call it one two.
0	thank you so much for coming in.
0	the times kept the story under wraps.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	opponents regard it as amnesty for lawbreakers.
0	it's a break against the republican position.
0	and how long has this been happening?
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	these particular caregivers are not medical professionals.
0	i do not think iran is suicidal.
0	it made me nervous just watching it.
0	thank you andy bowers slate senior editor.
0	let's bring in eric from mesa arizona.
0	so this you know actually i recoiled.
0	the italians under berlusconi are not anti-american.
0	i'm glad you made it home congressman.
0	again we heard from sarah palin earlier.
0	i went back to robert by mistake.
0	seems like there were so many squeakers.
0	it's a question many are mulling over.
0	i think it's ok to have pain.
0	when that thing hits it splatters everywhere.
0	and why do you think that is?
0	you know you don't need this guy.
0	so i think we should be careful.
0	he hired the guy to begin with.
0	she was kind of crazy and possessive.
0	he got a great deal of notoriety.
0	it's just new to them you know?
0	we're broadcasting live today from flagstaff arizona.
0	so many people died including my friend.
0	just yesterday szechuan province felt another aftershock.
0	for season 2 that also means musicians.
0	you're making certain that they are   comfortable.
0	and i always listen to my wife.
0	often that is still how they're seen.
0	this rebel-held town is under nightly attack.
0	merck hasn't responded directly to topol's testimony.
0	this weekend kosovo's constitution goes into effect.
0	congress did not stay out of it.
0	so that is a change we're seeing.
0	what's old is new again in tennis.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	and that needs to be the scale.
0	help cannot pay what i have now.
0	but first jack kevorkian and physician-assisted suicide.
0	lev was really messed up about it.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	guys we got a bad one here.
0	monty what member station you listen to?
0	i don't really want to accept it.
0	see now you're thinking like an anthropologist.
0	we'll hear from him in a minute.
0	a neighboring family had their generator stolen.
0	can you respond to that for me?
0	but the fed is debasing the currency.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. lane.
0	so we're expecting a lot more fighting.
0	i'm here for my family my country.
0	he used to own some car lots.
0	that was minnesota state representative esther agbaje.
0	i can'ti don'ti can't solve life's problems.
0	okay i think we get the point.
0	or they will cover it more sporadically.
0	so i think he turned out okay.
0	you just leaving america and that's it.
0	katherine good luck with those little kids.
0	that seems to be under some dispute.
0	that's when i took a step back.
0	i mean this is 55 years ago.
0	he takes it in the same way.
0	scott simon has the day off today.
0	coasties will be offended but go ahead.
0	he has very questionable ethics and morality.
0	there are   on almost everybody's shopping list.
0	and so we know about the photographer.
0	the photograph was taken from a distance.
0	it was to arrive at 3 a.m.
0	it is something more than just stress.
0	and it's an interesting link to see.
0	and he said oh this is easy.
0	james harrison is on vacation right now.
0	well school vaccines are definitely a precedent.
0	its where our kids go to school.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	well it's a combination of the two.
0	and i think this is very useful.
0	except in fact poetry often does that.
0	they were was sort of right though.
0	act 3- a fly on the call.
0	i see a lot of salmon eel.
0	how urgent is this in your view?
0	and she did it strand by strand.
0	never mind any talk of racism here.
0	act 1 the veritas is out there.
0	we saw the unemployment rate going down.
0	npr's lead political editor domenico montanaro thanks.
0	what are the consequences of this disparity?
0	you could tell from the judge's questions.
0	but that is not the only answer.
0	well then tell us the first one.
0	had you been away from home before?
0	it's certainly worth discussing with your doctor.
0	i'm thrilled to be on the show.
0	but we haven't been as impressed lately.
0	i think two things are different here.
0	i guess i would just prefer that.
0	it's absurd it's unacceptable and it's irresponsible.
0	then i thought i can't do it.
0	and he just came in a panic.
0	and meir stampfer you wanted to respond.
0	so there is not a unified opposition.
0	everybody was basically ordered to stay indoors.
0	i think i waited for two months.
0	he's from this part of eastern syria.
0	yeah and tell me what it says.
0	the average age is 66.6 years old.
0	i mean we she didn't need miracles.
0	yolanda king on preserving her father's legacy.
0	and what else is in this bill?
0	the information conveyed becomes much more formal.
0	and much of that was by design.
0	he says the board is playing games.
0	you're even driving a more powerful vehicle.
0	i voted against it as a congressman.
0	thanks for playing the puzzle with us.
0	we're also dealing with the individual colleges.
0	that story tomorrow on all things considered.
0	jack owns a gardening center in town.
0	that's a great way to end seth.
0	and xdr-tb stands for extreme drug-resistant tuberculosis.
0	that's about a billion prescriptions per year.
0	can you confirm that this was k2?
0	i don't- whether i'm complicated or uncomplicated.
0	they say that this raises privacy concerns.
0	the military will get a volume discount.
0	is that more common than i realized?
0	the united states is leading that charge.
0	the british police wasn't looking for it.
0	as you said trump hasn't been seen.
0	what about when you were a kid?
0	i mean i was born in canada.
0	some silly suggestions have been put forward.
0	and i said oh what's going on?
0	and these are permanent savings for homeowners.
0	from member station wcpn nick castele reports.
0	this is going to happen in increments.
0	tell us a little bit about cambodia.
0	you know just always ramping it up.
0	your honor the state of minnesota rests.
0	thanks very much for remembering lawrence eagleburger.
0	can we help you find your son?
0	annika wanted to look at his injuries.
0	and he eats it at the end.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i think it's all of the above.
0	but melissa and ashley didn't do it.
0	he reported on politics and international affairs.
0	there's anxiety about actually starting the conversation.
0	it's tied up with the immigration debates.
0	the boy's aunt lives in british columbia.
0	this is it right here polynesian joe's.
0	we started alpha testing on bended knee.
0	you know you can get it today.
0	the what was the state of medicine?
0	some of them were charlatans i think.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	moral relativism just doesn't work at rei.
0	president bush spoke in new york today.
0	you can imagine everybody's reality too closely.
0	ron christie let me start with you.
0	that was our schedule for desert storm.
0	and patricia arquette actually did get involved.
0	so were not really getting past it.
0	that's the commitment that we reaffirm today.
0	another law in louisiana is on hold.
0	nice of you to be with us.
0	i have this connection through the melody.
0	stay the course and again stay focused.
0	that left the state footing the bill.
0	do you personally want her to run?
0	our guest is ken rudin of course.
0	i ain't wearing no girly junk man.
0	there's a political debate in this movie.
0	that's where the airbus planes are made.
0	jason thanks very much for the call.
0	and no one's looking for these birds.
0	they fell in love in high school.
0	i know how hard it is now.
0	to janelle race doesn't and shouldn't matter.
0	audie cornish npr news columbia south carolina.
0	that's why we wanted to come   today.
0	he joins me now in studio 3a.
0	my question is for all of you.
0	no says psychiatrist and mother suellen hamkins.
0	washington time is different than syrian time.
0	keep some of those speeches on message.
0	kind of says the game is back.
0	so i basically copied hilary duff's accent.
0	they drive around for nearly an hour.
0	and approach life as a positive being.
0	how did the defense respond to that?
0	it made healthcare and building maintenance suffer.
0	what were you thinking during that time?
0	or we prove that it's a draw.
0	no but i had brought my blankie.
0	instead the administration's pursued more targeted actions.
0	do you have children of your own?
0	robby's with us from napa in california.
0	and it's been and shared a love.
0	it's like an arm around the shoulder.
0	it's rocking the world of fungus phyologenetics.
0	i asked my daughter you got $50?
0	the company struck a deal with ibm.
0	and he had also worked with janis.
0	and so those issues do become important.
0	they all live in the same world.
0	it scans my library my itunes library.
0	and i never get bored with it.
0	it turned out to be very fortunate.
0	i started bleeding from here and here.
0	that's a decision that was later reversed.
0	they said gulman this is the jetsyns.
0	npr's jim zarroli for us this morning.
0	i got interested in uncertainty years ago.
0	i mean we have all her cookbooks.
0	that's ap reporter joseph wilson in barcelona.
0	it depends on who your child is.
0	what's satisfying to you about this profession?
0	so they question the timing of this.
0	so what are the lessons from that?
0	you have to work really really hard.
0	he started to dread practices and games.
0	so people are like i'm from chicago.
0	and she just couldn't catch a break.
0	we're going to turn over every rock.
0	but so far they've offered few specifics.
0	this is science friday i'm ira flatow.
0	it's a pleasure to have you on.
0	that's the blogger we've been talking about.
0	it happens to me all the time.
0	and then there is the media backlash.
0	some days   the women make batik cloth.
0	well that may be i don't know.
0	i was like i could do it.
0	you don't walk around in bermuda shorts.
0	let's hear you singing us sam cooke.
0	they joined the house which already voted.
0	you know go and diffuse the bomb.
0	the fans were the stadium was packed.
0	walton graduated from torrington high last year.
0	i guess   i'll make me one too.
0	americans are saying goodbye to john mccain.
0	jennings and her family didn't believe it.
0	first china has to provide solid evidence.
0	i've got to remember not to blurt.
0	we would wait for the definitive response.
0	i you know graduated from grad school.
0	the nafta negotiations are not going well.
0	why can't they just build one themselves?
0	from santa rosa california nancy mullane reports.
0	and i just i feel at peace.
0	the king has clearly backed his son.
0	and democrats are totally coming after him.
0	and she's in el paso right now.
0	people they're coming back little by little.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	so what is the end to this?
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	the face is going to look crazy.
0	was this coalition troubled from the get-go?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	instead he suggests using an armored car.
0	it's got all kinds of natural resources.
0	the koch brothers are on the outs.
0	and there were some other worthy topics.
0	and how long is that period now?
0	did this com pretty quickly to you?
0	that's being transmitted into lower mortgage rates.
0	there were fears that they could collapse.
0	we explored absolutely everything in the area.
0	you know i made him a martini.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	senator joe biden chairs the confirmation hearings.
0	how long you've been playing the puzzle?
0	and the teacher respectfully put it away.
0	and i think that's kind of sad.
0	you know i thought it wasn't true.
0	it's like hey i can hear you.
0	she was a little shocked and upset.
0	jo is the rebel and the writer.
0	can you tell us more about that?
0	i think he's been a great pope.
0	i think it was the right choice.
0	later on tv the navy undersecretary apologized.
0	there's still a lot of question marks.
0	so what changed between yesterday and today?
0	you want to write a book really?
0	it could make some investors more nervous.
0	maybe you know weeks or even months.
0	they're the difference between them is negligible.
0	many of them were forced to flee.
0	he's one-third of the group major lazer.
0	watch the ball come to this side.
0	look you just got an offensive rebound.
0	we'll just pass a few bills here.
0	it was about to get way uglier.
0	let's review what we've learned so far.
0	and we waited to hear the boom.
0	the peso has taken a beating lately.
0	why did the court overturn this ruling?
0	now to a story about second chances.
0	do you still hear that from people?
0	it corrodes statues it breaks down rubber.
0	can't you see that i'm here suffering?
0	here is a question about retirement savings.
0	it is the ideal explosive for terrorists.
0	it's got what's called a high brisance.
0	joining me now is zack o'malley greenburg.
0	then came last week his iowa breakthrough.
0	and i'm really glad he did it.
0	james blake has quite a story though.
0	he was at kqed in san francisco.
0	no. then you're talking about women so.
0	and so i never brought it up.
0	and he said he   lost that one.
0	the fuss about hours is   worth reviewing.
0	and lo and behold no great surprise.
0	they enjoyed the banter or the conversation.
0	you aren't messing with me he says.
0	no but i've been studying for them.
0	ladonna felt like kevin wanted a show.
0	i mean how do you address that?
0	a few guys swearing very bad language.
0	a virtual   unknown the 2003 junior champion.
0	and the response has been pretty overwhelming.
0	she says what do you think happened?
0	she's covered the region for many years.
0	that is a reporter monica ortiz uribe.
0	well absolutely that was the high point.
0	well quantum computers don't run windows yet.
0	you can tell this is hallowed ground.
0	so i think it was a blessing.
0	you have to get in the book.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	she spoke to npr's ari shapiro yesterday.
0	the places they control are completely intimidation.
0	anyway we thank her for the call.
0	we have improved our relationship since then.
0	that's what florida republican ginny brown-waite said.
0	let's go to some of our callers.
0	there'd be a gap in the conversation.
0	you never get all the ketchup out.
0	anything more you can say about this?
0	let's go to mark in silicon valley.
0	so where do you go from here?
0	he got people to unite under it.
0	it made kate winslet a huge star.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	the airline is really a delivery mechanism.
0	thanks very much for the call sean.
0	what has he been able to accomplish?
0	and there is no statute of limitations.
0	the real question is how many seats.
0	they're the you know the american foothold.
0	what's the point of having these rules?
0	you need to go further than that.
0	we do a lot of volunteer work.
0	he thought they should be in jail.
0	more on haiti's orphans coming up next.
0	let's go to adrian in muncie indiana.
0	there is a provision for conscientious objector.
0	the u.s. now has an ebola czar.
0	well it wasn't so much being incorrect.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	and pie is a big deal here.
0	chris how do you react to that?
0	how did the women feel about it?
0	i just want to be clear here.
0	these friends included an ex-boyfriend of hers.
0	and mitt romney was as a mormon.
0	the bad guys now have a budget.
0	first here's npr's white house don gonyea.
0	but everything else wasn't worth that much.
0	is that just a fundamental party difference?
0	great to be here scott and aloha.
0	that's why i always ask this question.
0	they spent 81 minutes in the museum.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	then it was time for the sentences.
0	they both spoke with npr's michel martin.
0	well it gets even worse than that.
0	you want to say hi to norkamal?
0	i don't even know what it is.
0	somalia the congo sudan stuff like that.
0	there are lots of other problems too.
0	they think they're superman and they're not.
0	my question is a home front question.
0	yes our job is to pay attention.
0	i mean the   keyswell they're low-lying too.
0	it either didn't sell or it's surplus.
0	what's proved easy and what's proved hard?
0	gm says it's running on fumes again.
0	so people stand outside our border waiting.
0	and that's going to disappoint certain people.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	illinois voter thalan doherty has one question.
0	well it depends on who you ask.
0	and what about outside of religious circles?
0	hugh welcome to talk of the nation.
0	there's kids that live in assisted housing.
0	so we think that death is death.
0	i'm kind of hamming it up there.
0	there was a very different scene there.
0	and allen meet will will meet allen.
0	sometimes you'll be stuck there 12 hours.
0	this all went on for an hour.
0	and it changed everything i've done since.
0	you've got sanaa lathan venus williams india.
0	he says he has started his rehab.
0	and that's something that never has existed.
0	most nights kevin was her tour supervisor.
0	the bird can't be here he said.
0	i was like but maybe you are.
0	the result named something seen on computers.
0	all i wanted was food and safety.
0	i think that's very important and significant.
0	why haven't we seen these hearings recently?
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	or get the this american life app.
0	that's nearly a million pages of documents.
0	margaret chase smith is an excellent guess.
0	and it was therefore rejected that way.
0	so what they've launched is a ymail.
0	you know when i was a kid.
0	and i said no i'm from england.
0	but first mara let's talk about issues.
0	rami khouri of the beirut daily star.
0	it could have been a lot worse.
0	which led him to this unwelcome conclusion.
0	today we hear for 11-year-old ky-antre compton.
0	and we travel today to flint michigan.
0	i'm responsible for some but you know.
0	grades were at stake motives were complex.
0	here's some of the investigation team's video.
0	i've not had high confidence in him.
0	newt himself was on fox a bunch.
0	that's one of the ironies of this.
0	he received the prize of mother teresa.
0	so i don't really even we'll see.
0	ryan's calling us from turlock in california.
0	well it comes up in different situations.
0	she removes a tarp from her dresser.
0	what's the chain of events that follows?
0	yeah actually i'm staying later than usual.
0	but i need something longer than that.
0	ken welcome to talk of the nation.
0	ken welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and sandy stepped up and whacked it.
0	her guanabana tree is brown and bare.
0	so we they had a look-alike night.
0	what about stimuli coming from the inside?
0	how do you get over that conundrum?
0	and then there's new york-based mc frontalot.
0	they were worried about getting a job.
0	jamal thanks very much for the call.
0	people flying should try to fly direct.
0	she wrote one of the funniest episodes.
0	this is an offering that someone   made.
0	for more we're joined by chemi shalev.
0	came the sun the ice was melting.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	the young cyclist did better than expected.
0	puerto rico has wildly wildly divided politics.
0	i don't think it's still very accurate.
0	there's been experience with major hurricane flooding.
0	and it's still it's still quite rural.
0	they aren't trying to push an agenda.
0	it gets definitely very hot in there.
0	have you been able to stay motivated?
0	killing osama bin laden was not enough.
0	npr's jeff brady in philadelphia for us.
0	those are some big table tennis names.
0	we can end hunger in this country.
0	it's far from where the demonstrations where.
0	relevant questions gently rolling into the shore.
0	how did you figure this one out?
0	nobody wants to work with the government.
0	he dismissed that talk until recent months.
0	i don't think torture is ever acceptable.
0	that's exactly what has to be debated.
0	it looks as nice as any starbucks.
0	but his magic ran out last month.
0	he's had three surgeries on one week.
0	this is mercado juarez in downtown matamoros.
0	bob laszewski is a health policy consultant.
0	and how do i deal with that?
0	in this hallway huge   roaches are underfoot.
0	the shoe is on the other foot.
0	and that's what this law will address.
0	kerry any can you answer that gentleman?
0	i loved all those tricks except one.
0	my aunt just made it for us.
0	why did they show that to him?
0	and that was that cannot be denied.
0	yeah you can't rewrite the script yeah.
0	she has a great husband great kids.
0	and no one is listening to them.
0	you can sense a person's back there.
0	they're the most important ally for syria.
0	dina i have a question for you.
0	you know this is a thankless job.
0	that's chuck plunkett of the denver post.
0	deborah do you read so many books?
0	spending has to come down leave taxes.
0	chicago tribune reporter gary marx in havana.
0	well except you know how scientists are.
0	the reason many egyptians say is sissi.
0	well it more affects you on stage.
0	i think it was in the '50s.
0	nothing generates more political animation than obamacare.
0	does this tie their hands at all?
0	and they're trying to make a deal.
0	shankar thanks so much for explaining it.
0	well still communication is the killer application.
0	so henry who's 18 remains in jail.
0	what's it like when the door closes?
0	they were down in europe especially germany.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	you never know until   after the fact.
0	i was aware of the case yes.
0	but here is where it gets dicey.
0	the director general didn't go into that.
0	you had lots of data for that?
0	but maybe that's a bit of hyperbole.
0	jeff bercovici does he have a point?
0	well i came here reporting for npr.
0	michelle krebs is editor of edmund's autoobserver.
0	whoever would lose was the bigger faggot.
0	they're both very difficult things to make.
0	why would going to the beach work?
0	we don't send nicotine addicts to jail.
0	nobody wants to pay the additional 25%.
0	she said yes and he said where?
0	and they said well we don't know.
0	so yes there is a divide therein.
0	no you can't have my pen back.
0	but thanks very much for the call.
0	they make teachers teach to the test.
0	it's called peking people in new york.
0	well first of all not at all.
0	but i really don't think about it.
0	but that's what she wanted to do.
0	it's been a mixed experience for others.
0	and that's what she is a whore.
0	the o'connell's say they had no choice.
0	yeah gosh how do we do that?
0	we've now discovered hundreds of solar systems.
0	it is a cuisine that is caribbean.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	in fact we don't know that yet.
0	yet i was not offered those positions.
0	and really the streets are pretty empty.
0	that's the central thing that i'm asking.
0	flora lichtman's video out there on sciencefriday.
0	free speech defenders say and very entertaining.
0	how did you break out of that?
0	i didn't treat that person too bad.
0	you know that's a very good question.
0	well that would be mullah khirullah khairkhwa.
0	and it was a very colorful case.
0	but there was a team of specialists.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	like i don't think any change happened.
0	i think we are generating enough jobs.
0	she is a happy cedar fair investor.
0	i know i shouldn't but i do.
0	and being a hostess there is tough.
0	i can't believe i've never tried one.
0	sure but the super bowl of politics.
0	you want to know what i think?
0	you know mao brought them to power.
0	first of all i like his tie.
0	but the media didn't cover the story.
0	let's move on to one last topic.
0	i do peter mentioned something about reagan.
0	and it's just kind of sad really.
0	bob by becoming friends with someone else.
0	one consequence could well affect college athletes.
0	now this is really a state-by-state issue.
0	there was also a more practical reason.
0	with the next pair she argued logically.
0	because people are victims of these crimes.
0	act two haiku at the scrimmage line.
0	i mean everybody is losing their job.
0	part of the survival strategy is teamwork.
0	no sir we haven't got that far.
0	she says where he goes i go.
0	my uncle works on the strip mine.
0	raul gives very speeches and they're short.
0	that's what i see as being wrong.
0	i'm asking you should it be regulated?
0	a bunch of my buddies are divorced.
0	i'm not the passive girl you know.
0	i'll take my answer off air thanks.
0	as it happened i was there too.
0	total panic says ford salesman javier quintana.
0	and i kind of just wanted quiet.
0	you would find different versions of empanadas?
0	because new   orleans can and must survive.
0	michael jackson is a very interesting character.
0	i don't think they should lift it.
0	would you like to answer some questions?
0	hardware stores were out of gasoline cans.
0	and i have never been as excited.
0	i don't know about that you know.
0	crawford says recent history provides a model.
0	conservatives if i can use that term.
0	you know we're talking ebola and marburg.
0	and we met somewhere in the middle.
0	i find it a very boring topic.
0	and it took time to have rallies.
0	michael meyers let me start with you.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i don't think it's bravado at all.
0	is this a song about an airplane?
0	no you can't have my pen back.
0	no i'm actually not baking at all.
0	a man whose talents are in demand.
0	they're going to go on without her.
0	they actually require some skill to make.
0	now you have an interesting life story.
0	i was attorney general at the time.
0	karen grigsby bates npr news los angeles.
0	nguyen tin ni is a 27-year-old businessman.
0	have you done this puzzle thing before?
0	it's going to put it in danger.
0	what they did was just the opposite.
0	but when i think about it yeah.
0	i run a company to this day.
0	so that's one very   concrete ethical issue.
0	the goal here is to cut spending.
0	well certainly they are on the frontline.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	then i go out and work out.
0	and as george w. bush put it.
0	in the end this never took place.
0	one is avoidance and one is approach.
0	and everyone ran outside in the morning.
0	do you have a real deal here?
0	npr's uri berliner helped us edit it.
0	can you do those two things jacob?
0	we want to imagine a great city.
0	tell what this day means to you.
0	anybody in a car could be hit.
0	i'm ira flatow with jane mclaren walsh.
0	it's like all or nothing for them.
0	they would actually send out press releases.
0	i think he was a great fighter.
0	but effectively russia is supporting all this.
0	their daughter hasn't spoken with them since.
0	i mean i get some of that.
0	you used absolutely the right term right?
0	so that'll help us in that end.
0	so they have two different techniques then?
0	it was done very matter of factly.
0	but there are signs things are changing.
0	but the real outlier here is china.
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	i think it's a very important question.
0	ken thanks very much for your time.
0	people don't like to be lied to.
0	that's what something called target-date funds promise.
0	they are advancing southward now towards ajdabiya.
0	but it's not that they missed it.
0	what difference does it make to you?
0	we're all fish swimming in racist water.
0	so i have to change my vote.
0	the immediate gut reaction was that's awful.
0	and it's good to have you here.
0	so what's the secret to this game?
0	from npr news this is morning edition.
0	ok so now we're ready for hurricanes.
0	he ended up giving him   vitamin shots.
0	and these stories definitely reflect those complications.
0	from cleveland john mccain headed to kettering.
0	i mean see this is the thing.
0	how does this political uncertainty affect that?
0	how do you chose to do it?
0	but i think it eventually peters out.
0	that was your opening bid to them.
0	and that is not necessarily by choice.
0	and this is where our interview ends.
0	it's fun but it has some roots.
0	well there's nothing to suggest that's true.
0	by 2006 the problem was even worse.
0	late last night my water shut off.
0	are we punishing the politics of overreach?
0	the holding company regulator the international regulator.
0	they predict the past with great accuracy.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	tuesday over 800 delegates are at stake.
0	that is their number one job yes.
0	is that expected to subside this time?
0	so they whacked them and moved on.
0	i don't think i've had it before.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	he's having trouble keeping the facility staffed.
0	rick's call seemed to have dropped away.
0	it has to crack down on protests.
0	so do your friends think it's weird?
0	no because a lot of people show.
0	when we heard this we were flabbergasted.
0	i'll take my comment off the air.
0	are we getting new numbers on friday?
0	well i think it's a little incoherent.
0	jeff flake is a very credible conservative.
0	you guys took him away from me.
0	he's been out for nearly eight years.
0	so i don't   think so at all.
0	we asked you for your post-life preferences.
0	elizabeth kellar says it's not rocket science.
0	do we know why the guardsmen fired?
0	well mark trahant what do you think?
0	and does it make your really sad?
0	and that's because of climate-driven extreme rain.
0	and brad wieners thank you as well.
0	jeff calling us from san antonio texas.
0	they just see latinos not from here.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	he always shies away and backs away.
0	and then of course the health worker.
0	keith always good to talk to you.
0	there are huge waiting lists for hybrids.
0	jody mitic says he experienced this firsthand.
0	we want to look at satellite radio.
0	do we have to do this now?
0	yeah certainly the fans on the road.
0	it's good to be with you neal.
0	then they let other players have fun.
0	that does it for the show today.
0	npr's peter kenyon is with us now.
0	you guys have got to lighten up.
0	ok protesters there on a rainy day.
0	it was so exciting to see that.
0	what do you want them to do?
0	laura is on the line with us.
0	and that's why we have bounty hunters.
0	how could this have happened to me?
0	they say it's a sign of racism.
0	this is completely violative of your rights.
0	senator lindsey graham when does it stop?
0	what do you make of this rhetoric?
0	did you think about leaving with him?
0	you shouldn't burn your colleagues like that.
0	so this game was played in italy.
0	then i could smoke in my home.
0	no they're actually they've had a victory.
0	and where does the bill stand now?
0	liberal groups have learned this lesson already.
0	he read it loved it so much.
0	well there's international practice which they cite.
0	you know they make it look cheap.
0	and i hate that because i care.
0	that's correct yeah the season flu vaccine.
0	he's a seventh grader from concord massachusetts.
0	they sure were and it's not unusual.
0	let's take a listen to her story.
0	and my concern is how it's done.
0	is that ok to ask you that?
0	i mean that's a problem for us.
0	a main character is tony katrina's boyfriend.
0	make no mistake they have taken over.
0	what could i get out of it?
0	let's talk with james in vidalia georgia.
0	yesterday he met with indian-american political leaders.
0	well in fact they've got their families.
0	and we've never really done this before.
0	why are you bringing me new shows?
0	that is more than any other artist.
0	maybe it won't be all worked out.
0	it was incredibly and almost immediately delicious.
0	well if you take the exclamation 'ahoy!
0	that's right and he previewed the strikes.
0	the numbers are in a word daunting.
0	not likely to be extradited are they?
0	eric welcome to talk of the nation.
0	getting around on earth is relatively straightforward.
0	your latest album is called gypsy punk.
0	it hasn't really been optimized for anything.
0	a guy in there doing his business.
0	you see talula's table is just that.
0	that was the turn of the century.
0	there's a crime on july 22nd 2016.
0	and the group moves down the road.
0	it was very hard to argue with.
0	i think it's more than just women.
0	one feeling was wow this is different.
0	we've had a heavy decline in remittances.
0	they don't want to be a producer.
0	so things are way ahead of schedule.
0	npr's brian naylor is at the scene.
0	troops are still guarding key government sites.
0	one of them is freedom of speech.
0	you file a petition with the court.
0	it has wholly taken over the soul.
0	and he had a nearly photographic memory.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	he's possibly the only muslim in town.
0	and that's why we are facing it.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	did you know that number until now?
0	so the system is not without humor.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and a bifurcated trachea in 10 days.
0	it's funny that you mentioned comical debates.
0	no galileo did not discover the telescope.
0	did you see our gillespie key chains?
0	yes and in the arts and sciences.
0	i was it was actually two corrections.
0	industrial production in brazil drops 12.5 percent.
0	he's referring to the marcellus shale underfoot.
0	but van breda kolff didn't think so.
0	lee thanks very much for the call.
0	they're saying they're running out of money.
0	you know his personal behavior is unacceptable.
0	i believe the sun will shine again.
0	for npr news this is lily percy.
0	we're making a bet on the market.
0	and many others already perform same-sex blessings.
0	and my father worked for her aunt.
0	and people were crying on both sides.
0	they're less likely to speak english well.
0	here's an email from mike in milwaukee.
0	some bird flu pandemic will afflict us.
0	we need to find out the facts.
0	they shared a religious belief in charity.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	aron i think ran out of thoughts.
0	i'm going to ask you first donna.
0	people die and it's never explained why.
0	i think there was pride and defensiveness.
0	jason greenblatt welcome to all things considered.
0	they were such chicago cops you know?
0	he was just mimicking humans he'd heard.
0	do you think they made it jim?
0	i mean the two are inextricably intertwined.
0	he explained how this all got started.
0	i believe the ad played one time.
0	you had journalists fighting over chairs today.
0	i guess jeff how did it start?
0	you know doctors charged $500 a pop.
0	i think that's where the gop is.
0	we filled out 54,000 applications for citizens.
0	but it's a horrific song you know?
0	and that's not necessarily a bad thing.
0	i'm grabbing my mop and my broom.
0	but eventually paul gets caught and arrested.
0	and two baseball is a generational sport.
0	climate change means more flood risk right?
0	i'm not speaking for the u.s. navy.
0	all day long military helicopters fly overhead.
0	nice to hear about the revival there.
0	thanks very much for coming in today.
0	we just couldn't see things that small.
0	i mean they lie to each other.
0	she stared at too many hospital ceilings.
0	oh how i'll be loving you forever.
0	it's like you're taken to another place.
0	thank you for your time dr. upshur.
0	he gave no explanation for his departure.
0	that's dmitri karamazov real name paul magid.
0	some iraqis are impressed by his performance.
0	geoff bennett npr news the white house.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	something to do with health as well?
0	we really didn't know how people were.
0	but there's also potential for more enforcement.
0	because it's doesn't go in chronological order.
0	and i've had about four hours off.
0	and he'd come home and i would.
0	she made no apologies for her remarks.
0	no. and i'm trying to think too.
0	so it has a lot of things.
0	each of them works a little bit.
0	which is basically what you're saying jaimie.
0	their families gave them tremendous head starts.
0	a lot of booze on the line.
0	he says the signage was really weird.
0	the other challenge is what's her rationale?
0	it's typically through the port of entry.
0	scientists seldom hit that kind of homerun.
0	we know that loud music is played.
0	or fried tofu for my vegetarian friends.
0	i don't think you have to wonder.
0	so we're weighing that closely right now.
0	but the taliban enriched themselves from drugs.
0	the new guy fires the special counsel.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but even he says they were awful.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	but it was also a defiant message.
0	we still have pretty good consumer spending.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	he'd never found anything or anybody stolen.
0	they looked kind of like blue checks.
0	he gets his power from the sun.
0	they were out of communication for weeks.
0	is that really something to be believed?
0	there are many different types of phobias.
0	in 2014 the town of oso wash.
0	the job has a high turnover rate.
0	welcome back to the program dr. livio.
0	no that's not quite what i'm saying.
0	he shook is head to say yeah.
0	this is also a bitter political dispute.
0	i'm sorry what do you call that?
0	now you have a contest going up.
0	and i remember just sitting there crying.
0	so what do you make of this?
0	what is it that you're afraid of?
0	and it will be released next week.
0	can you tell us what's in it?
0	sue welcome to talk of the nation.
0	it sounded like a rock band underwater.
0	the fence still has oil on it.
0	this was a contemporary look at it.
0	and i know because i am too.
0	women are five inches shorter on average.
0	and we schemed together to steal money.
0	number one is legal and eye e-y-e.
0	so what's next for the auto industry?
0	i think some arrangements can be made.
0	i mean was he surprised to win?
0	it's worse for the environment than carbon.
0	that's between you and your beach house.
0	this was something of an accidental interview.
0	the broadcasters were equally optimistic about prevailing.
0	from east harlem vanessa murdock cbs2 news.
0	then it doubled again to $12 trillion.
0	but it was a very foolish move.
0	we're going to start with an accordion.
0	your moment of liberation is at hand.
0	i'm sure videla was condemned for genocide.
0	and of course that appeal was ignored.
0	here is esa director general johann woerner.
0	but a disaster for the united states.
0	instead they paved the road to deportation.
0	sir stirling has recently had back surgery.
0	and the answer seems to be yes.
0	that sets the tone of the interior.
0	they're more likely to   get lung cancer.
0	jan mendoza is one of his daughters.
0	just go to our web site npr.
0	are you here to purchase a car?
0	and usually they'll say what big sale?
0	and it's taxed at the end ok.
0	washington d.c. has some new baseball champions.
0	i learned a lot about the country.
0	also joining me was dr. larry norton.
0	but the locals are also tough critics.
0	so that was some really dramatic tape.
0	i remember thinking god this is great.
0	well we actually we didn't study that.
0	and cue up the protest you say.
0	and that came out of this movie.
0	next to us there was a hamlet.
0	i say this is a great film.
0	act two we don't talk about that.
0	did you see people taken by sharks?
0	it is not electoral by any means.
0	the question is what exactly that means.
0	it is going to grow the economy.
0	his father served in world war ii.
0	it also says he will be murdered.
0	so i guess i don't understand jane.
0	it's brand new to the united states.
0	something that's been left out is an.
0	not necessarily says the pentagon's amanda dory.
0	and then i had this new feeling.
0	but there were problems with their papers.
0	try to give me a literal translation.
0	he's a cpa so he's on it.
0	danny i understand you're a truck driver.
0	chris are you scheduled to go back?
0	yes it is still a magical process.
0	crossroads mall in oklahoma actually isn't it?
0	that is why it feels so bad.
0	oh man do i have that opportunity?
0	but certainly iraq is not stable yet.
0	so that's the nature of central banking.
0	you're doing a great job on this.
0	i mean it's an equivalent of that.
0	a lot of women come in here.
0	that's why we kept checking on her.
0	well let's leave it there for today.
0	i was like how is this happening?
0	richard katz becomes more and more self-indulgent.
0	michael isikoff joins us now from london.
0	and his own attorney general jeff sessions.
0	as you might imagine reaction is mixed.
0	my boyfriend's going to come see me.
0	the book was really written in 2009.
0	i don't think things are going well.
0	jessica was the crow creek homecoming queen.
0	well it's cool to talk to you.
0	mary ron thank you both so much.
0	but your mind has got to rest.
0	there's still too many people without jobs.
0	good to have you with us today.
0	for a change or not yet anyway.
0	today ebay heads into its second   decade.
0	it could be that someone was radicalized.
0	in   new orleans hundreds of people died.
0	they stuff it stuff it stuff it.
0	we are now in the first act.
0	he's just kind of like moving around.
0	well the tough-guy actor is charles bronson.
0	yesterday a bomb went off in izmir.
0	remember pat moynihan was born in 1929.
0	and these caucus sites are absolutely packed.
0	i couldn't follow what was going on.
0	now it's much much lower than that.
0	he visited cia headquarters in langley va.
0	act one the situation in the field.
0	why don't you cry some more crybaby?
0	so you begin with a prepared mind.
0	it sounds like something out of superman.
0	but generally adults don't have gastrointestinal symptoms.
0	where are you going to next elliana?
0	and tom ricks very quickly 30 seconds.
0	that means there's good stuff around me.
0	bring the gavel down on this particular.
0	you can see everything all the houses.
0	he's affiliated with the carnegie moscow center.
0	you can't let racism ruin your life.
0	she's reporting on the russian presidential elections.
0	and nick we appreciate the history lesson.
0	igor luzenko is recovering from his injuries.
0	we're just working with everybody over there.
0	thank you sir have a great day.
0	how do we do as a team?
0	and the caller said the same thing.
0	well they clearly welcome this tps order.
0	cruz is just getting in the game.
0	tamara keith npr news the white house.
0	hey thank you guys for having us.
0	how much of a possibility is that?
0	so i just mentioned warren and sanders.
0	is that going to make a   difference?
0	joining us as always is will shortz.
0	we watch porn once every 30 days.
0	i'm going to read you some sentences.
0	that's what that really comes off as.
0	the security situation has gotten much worse.
0	i was being introduced just last week.
0	and we all know that's not easy.
0	well it's not the whole finance committee.
0	well why didn't we hear about that?
0	i hadn't stopped to think about that.
0	the mural took two months to complete.
0	they're unschooled and brutish and khat-chewing fools.
0	she joins us now in studio 3a.
0	and had some beignets with cafe latte.
0	he didn't give any chance to breathe.
0	like this one about raquel and derek.
0	thank you thank you for having me.
0	and steven landsburg thank you very much.
0	well rum not a brand a type.
0	cullen is great for the nike brand.
0	but then rose shut the recorder off.
0	no one returned my call just yet.
0	and this is always the balancing act.
0	and it's not hard to see why.
0	and i fell in love with it.
0	these issues never happen in other communities.
0	all the ports are full of prostitutes.
0	that or hanging out in the disco.
0	at the vet they ran some tests.
0	hansi lo wang npr news new york.
0	it could have been scorsese's lemon chicken.
0	welcome steve great to see you here.
0	my question is along the same line.
0	maybe it's lighting matches that causes cancer.
0	not everyone's going to the strip clubs.
0	but one thing is change is coming.
0	for one he was smarter than most.
0	it's not the problem of the victims.
0	they've got a gun the girls screamed.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	i thank you all for joining us.
0	there were six girls in the car.
0	and there's a story to every speech.
0	doesn't sound like you're proud of it.
0	dr. herbert thanks for talking to us.
0	she says there are good people here.
0	it was a small town for sure.
0	really it's a choice between two people.
0	it doesn't have a very wide demographic.
0	three young women enter wearing school uniform.
0	he said he watches it every day.
0	he sodrel was not yet in congress.
0	i'm going to have more money then.
0	marc you've sat in that chair before.
0	we know we have the racial divide.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	i mean it speaks to a pattern.
0	and my guess would be it doesn't.
0	that number used to be over 60%.
0	and first up is npr's tamara keith.
0	well it's saturday the 27th of august.
0	it wasn't easy but we found him.
0	i mean the quantity is way up.
0	it was essentially a call center job.
0	and his teeth are just crusted over.
0	and we get to know each other.
0	and i didn't know what to do.
0	not a simple approach to   world politics.
0	rachael mcdonald of member station klcc reports.
0	i'm dave davies in for terry gross.
0	the recovery is underway but very sluggishly.
0	act 1: the lie that saved brazil.
0	his motto was no music no life.
0	and then i pay my bills online.
0	npr's christopher joyce reports on the leviathan.
0	how should we prioritize our financial goals?
0	he was giving them pointers about women.
0	what was the first one you made?
0	well we get it up really quick.
0	he was the brother i always wanted.
0	soraya sarhaddi nelson npr news helmand province.
0	can you explain how this feels different?
0	the european union is in enormous turmoil.
0	in fact it was sort of clumsy.
0	election is the key instrument of this.
0	it ridicules islam and the prophet mohammed.
0	today he's president of the city's   naacp.
0	although well ok online there's an alternative.
0	at seneca sawmill company in eugene ore.
0	commander peter spindler says he believes them.
0	we purchased a house in cloquet minn.
0	this is a letter from my mother.
0	it's common to find depression for example.
0	this is the indicator from planet money.
0	i took a lot of comfort there.
0	that's a red flag for dr. hartman.
0	so what are we looking at here?
0	you know you're being like out there.
0	when there is demand there is supply.
0	this all things considered from npr news.
0	it starts with caterpillars that eat tomatoes.
0	you know october was a terrible month.
0	ed gordon will be back on monday.
0	there's just no question in   my mind.
0	behind the scenes jobs has a partner.
0	i think they're playing with   fire here.
0	vietnam still has the inside track politically.
0	who do you like in the nfc?
0	you think someone used to live here?
0	prosecutors say they'll seek the death penalty.
0	i'm waiting for the word from   high.
0	i didn't do it all by myself.
0	we're not just talking about somebody's complaint.
0	thanks for being with us today doctor.
0	she's a celebrated defender of the hutongs.
0	i was only surrounded by black people.
0	but i'm like no he's just real.
0	it's like where did the people go?
0	so describe for me the miracle fruit.
0	one was that it seemed entirely possible.
0	and christina thank you for your call.
0	i want to thank you for that.
0	our affiliates have housing counselors employments counselors.
0	well his classes are kind of boring.
0	sotomayor joined a puerto rican student group.
0	you want to take away my thesaurus.
0	melissa block npr news in klukwan alaska.
0	there are signs cooler heads may prevail.
0	it says he's always overstated his importance.
0	my plan is this to be temporary.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we're talking this hour about endangered species.
0	oh yes or a monty python sketch.
0	should we sign him to another year?
0	i am so far behind the curve.
0	maybe you can help me with that.
0	that's the only way to describe it.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well although some people are also skeptical.
0	you always compete like this you two?
0	well thanks so much for sharing that.
0	i just always wanted to play guitar.
0	soon they were on the phone constantly.
0	and have you been you know texting?
0	well thank you for having me on.
0	his office is looking into both companies.
0	he charges a monthly fee to patients.
0	he's in disguise operating on our behalf.
0	we talked about this for a while.
0	i remember the tattoos on his arms.
0	nice to speak with you as well.
0	i am ready to go to war.
0	he's the ceo of the family leader.
0	an ambush would be a better description.
0	it's absolutely indicative of a larger trend.
0	so stay with us if you would.
0	he was not very good in congress.
0	he starts to become more like them.
0	but he's also in other ways stumbled.
0	stoltenberg today called those lawmakers staunch supporters.
0	it was actually the outsider who won.
0	they usually don't have a criminal record.
0	and so how are these numbers used?
0	and i started to realize you know.
0	but american leaders also play on this.
0	so thank you all from joining us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you might recognize some of those names.
0	guess just how many of them succeed.
0	it came out in hardcover in 1998.
0	i know the industry is very concerned.
0	presidential debates are nothing like normal debates.
0	people's tendency is to celebrate the past.
0	he was a fickle guy wasn't he?
0	i assume that's what you're talking about.
0	maybe he watched his mom swat flies?
0	and i think that's something that's happened.
0	it's the republicans' vilification of nancy pelosi.
0	and my mom she was a widow.
0	the people i work for are great.
0	he was born 100 years ago today.
0	i am looking forward to coming back.
0	gifts of cash were definitely considered income.
0	he has debilitating arthritis in both knees.
0	also with us in d.c. maria cardona.
0	but unfortunately today it hasn't been working.
0	and let's get shawn on the line.
0	i mean what does that exactly mean?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	tell us a little bit about him.
0	i didn't want to forget about her.
0	leaving meant reassessing everything not just theology.
0	npr's political editor ken rudin joins us.
0	and jared's going to need them now.
0	i never asked for president obama's endorsement.
0	i mean why were they set up?
0	i was actually in a tabloid once.
0	so where exactly were you yesterday afternoon?
0	at first wall tried to raise morale.
0	good of you to join us today.
0	great i get what's going on here.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	and i just her spirit got me.
0	jared kushner was in hawaii on vacation.
0	they aren't going to get anything done.
0	this is cindy cindy from north carolina.
0	but even the holes didn't match up.
0	npr's carrie kahn is in port-au-prince haiti.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	those with red earlobes lay brown eggs.
0	she was overwhelmed by all the possibilities.
0	i'm totally outside myself when i'm working.
0	and by the way you want that.
0	i'm just going to have you explain.
0	just pull over and take them out.
0	kevin figgers blogs about sports for am570radio.
0	amory i have about a minute left.
0	nick schifrin npr news outside of hebron.
0	i drive by it all the time.
0	and then things go kind of crazy.
0	he   was here on august 15th 1976.
0	republicans have been critical of the review.
0	he   awaited his execution on death row.
0	have you seen any of that money?
0	scott kratz is a volunteer an adviser.
0	so three companies shrinking out to two.
0	but here's the problem with that argument.
0	they didn't have good employee training records.
0	so you know let's talk about uganda.
0	and i think that's a big difference.
0	it's still you know an alternative beverage.
0	they stopped being tomboys a while back.
0	came by the room and was taunting.
0	so you come in for you know.
0	we'll be right back after a break.
0	did it make white students less bigoted?
0	savannah haspel spokeswoman for industry analyst ibisworld.
0	were you surprised when you saw this?
0	you'll never guess what he's doing now.
0	i think that's an interesting point jamie.
0	with his tax case do you think?
0	thanks for remembering don zimmer with us.
0	they just think it's kind of cute.
0	but we still have people requesting them.
0	and none of our clients are charged.
0	how bad are things for the states?
0	talking about a lot of cars here.
0	dave kaut is an analyst at stifel.
0	thanks so much for joining us german.
0	and now we can't we can't coexist.
0	starting tonight we need you to volunteer.
0	they provide the best most stable jobs.
0	and i've promised michelle a nice vacation.
0	and we forget the titanic had sisters.
0	she's going to compare these two motorcycles.
0	um yeah it looks like you did.
0	we are more than a hundred-year-old company.
0	and since the season has just begun.
0	thank you good to be with you.
0	but she felt desperate for more contact.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	in like a matchbox or hot wheels?
0	he missed the people at the bottom.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	she was seven months pregnant i think.
0	like an arrest or a court summons.
0	this was an olive branch of sorts.
0	this is what you need to hear.
0	now i know and oh my god.
0	there he was a viceroy of sorts.
0	it can change how our brains read.
0	he says providing alternatives is a no-brainer.
0	brunost is unique to norway solholm says.
0	how did you decide where to go?
0	they really are only planning on two.
0	better than when i first came back.
0	but ok we may get all that.
0	the leaders of the school came down.
0	after that they went to a shelter.
0	but it cuts both ways in texas.
0	you name it hell has got it.
0	but it's different for the world cup.
0	the new censors wanted those books gone.
0	they have a statue of a thumb.
0	i just play a variety of music.
0	he joins us from new york now.
0	i mean it's this fine balancing act.
0	and that's how i learned to play.
0	he points out some of the supplies.
0	oh i cried like a little baby.
0	we're scared of things we don't see.
0	scott carrier lives in salt lake city.
0	just to go and pick her up.
0	then the other issue is tax avoidance.
0	yes i do all over the world.
0	how long you've been in the service.
0	he says he won't work in coal.
0	he was a huge fundraiser for presidents.
0	mandalit del barco npr news biloxi mississippi.
0	she's bringing this up on her own.
0	maybe we should have this 15-minute   test'?
0	so are all the provinces surrounding it.
0	we've got a couple of emails here.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	now i regret having missed this show.
0	bp is out of this claims process.
0	and i hear the front door open.
0	and it wasn't like that at all.
0	no i never have liked that song.
0	why did he keep that a secret?
0	here's breeze with the song's final verse.
0	always good to talk to you omar.
0	great a dual member we love it.
0	after that maybe i'll move in canada.
0	and that's because the climate is changing.
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	so there have been absolutely massive strides.
0	denise is with us from st. louis.
0	therefore the stakes are lower for legislation.
0	they follow celebrities and they follow influencers.
0	but things have calmed down since then.
0	eventually cochran hitched his way to california.
0	so untangling all that will take time.
0	jack thanks very much for the call.
0	npr's legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	i do to thank for that yes.
0	it gives some people a general indicator.
0	and i was like oh my god.
0	there was no bradley effect in ohio.
0	smoking is rampant in this series and.
0	if you decided to go negative why?
0	were getting paid to open a center?
0	scott feldt who do you listen to?
0	like if one second i missed- gone.
0	isn't that though part of the experience?
0	it took 20 people to carry it.
0	but we can't find our cell phone.
0	merna thanks very much for the call.
0	well you know washington is a swamp.
0	koa is expensive because it's increasingly rare.
0	and his mom also was very attractive.
0	why is colorado so crucial for him?
0	it's a very fascinating body of water.
0	and i absolutely loved riding the train.
0	and remember it was his own money.
0	we're on the red carpet once again.
0	curt nickisch of member station wbur reports.
0	but usually democrats have a bigger advantage.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	we have three types of cheeses here.
0	does reputation color the information being heard?
0	and it really exists in your view?
0	but it didn't really get into anything.
0	thanks for talking with us dr. nass.
0	beth fertig of member station krvs   reports.
0	he didn't get a job he wanted.
0	the united states of america was attacked.
0	i guess it involves almost 30 musicians.
0	that could have easily been my brother.
0	catch the terrorists before they strike again.
0	you want to know about this music?
0	the job has changed under andy card.
0	nice to talk to you again chappy.
0	his major contribution was to for cortisone.
0	now they're going to try impose sanctions.
0	as ready as i will be lulu.
0	but it persisted for a long while.
0	from member station kunc kirk siegler reports.
0	people really don't know where he stands.
0	and he hopes that unity sustains itself.
0	i won't ask how you are sir.
0	i was locked up in the box.
0	what is happening at the border now?
0	it was a man behind me sighing.
0	so let me go to you first.
0	and david is this a big deal?
0	i made a ring out of thread.
0	well all current players are not covered.
0	we are back on the radio tomorrow.
0	andrea bocelli do you own an ipod?
0	but essentially the press conference is dead.
0	we didn't go after osama bin laden.
0	look at the options you have today.
0	yeah we're turning them into these divas.
0	i thought that was a good plan.
0	you can measure it by belief system.
0	what do you that's a good question.
0	he's written a book on the subject.
0	print medium of course are very mobile.
0	oh so just a couple weeks ago.
0	and you can also say don't know.
0	all that changed with the civil war.
0	but pressley she was born in cincinnati.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we'll start with we'll start with zach.
0	gosh this has happened all the time.
0	we have a copy right here actually.
0	i actually remember this one quite well.
0	they need to be investing in schools.
0	they say it's dangerous for the agents.
0	make sure we get the names right.
0	and parents nervous about vaccines are legion.
0	i sent ronald reagan a christmas card.
0	that will be argued in the fall.
0	and that may be part of it.
0	people whose bosses aren't backing them up.
0	they want him to disown his pastor.
0	so smelling touching of the mirror surface.
0	so the police came to his door.
0	i was on canes at that point.
0	i never hurt anybody in my life.
0	now rick is a criminal defense attorney.
0	it was having a really negative impact.
0	and so how do you overcome that?
0	bioethicist jen james puts it like this.
0	he didn't know what dog bed were.
0	it was a steady flow of satire.
0	they are surrendering their refugee status here.
0	that's according to the world health organization.
0	the sisters eventually claimed asylum in germany.
0	we'll pick it up after the break.
0	good but please don't change my words.
0	and donald trump sort of rejects that.
0	the women outlined what reforms they wanted.
0	this is a very large clean room.
0	we have closed in the last week.
0	it is very much like it actually.
0	they know exactly how demanding it is.
0	the stimulus could have been designed better.
0	and maybe just a little bit closer.
0	the state trooper had pulled up there.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	interfering with what happens on the border.
0	yeah i've got a problem with it.
0	he just does it on his own.
0	that's why i have my own prayer.
0	i want to say this as well.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	we keep peace here on science friday.
0	i can't talk about folks i represent.
0	commentator sandip roy has all the details.
0	and it's just it's remarkable to watch.
0	i thought that was a bizarre response.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	now he is a professional military man.
0	we thought that would be an anomaly.
0	when did you know it was important?
0	but for you that happened practically everyday.
0	having no tape i have no ability.
0	it's not harmful to most of us.
0	but we can't find our cell phone.
0	there is no gas line going in.
0	that's what we're going to do tomorrow.
0	and these could be much more harmful.
0	and then it's about 300-some-odd feet long.
0	i managed to keep it all going.
0	again that's elliot feldman the commissioner's lawyer.
0	the name jamie dimon is out there.
0	there are signs of change some say.
0	well so we have a minute left.
0	what's behind the rebound in stocks then?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	so she found solutions like pillow therapy.
0	a lot of people have misinformation right?
0	well joel packer thank you so much.
0	who is that and what's the country?
0	the picture we've found is more complex.
0	and i think julianne is absolutely right.
0	she didn't have a lot of money.
0	he'd likened it to the berlin wall.
0	they should have this water on board.
0	they must be under an enormous   stress.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	yeah i love it when they're happy.
0	they're held as evidence and then destroyed.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	so then he was eventually hired back.
0	and that's something you can ask them.
0	we were very serious about doing it.
0	that actually sounded alarming to the commissioner.
0	allegry allergy allergy i have allergies too.
0	i don't really know where it is.
0	there's some confusion lately about mother's day.
0	there is no rule saying automatic denial.
0	let's get this dog out of there.
0	and he finally makes the orioles's roster.
0	and elliot feldman did a little research.
0	are you saying you've been getting threats?
0	she'll be a deputy chief of staff.
0	you know traveling is a real pain.
0	it's been kind of a crazy week.
0	turns out he's in a tank top.
0	the israelis are not a great power.
0	everyone raises their hands and it passes.
0	and we'll be back in a sec.
0	what would you do when you partied?
0	joseph thanks very much for that question.
0	but you are going to allow it?
0	brad welcome to talk of the nation.
0	simon thanks very much for the call.
0	they heard that on the campaign trail.
0	jump in gentlemen if you want to.
0	it isn't an experiment or a phase.
0	let me get an answer for you.
0	so the tootman empire for example exactly.
0	there was another one i read about.
0	we're talking about other ways to borrow.
0	so i treated terry like a boy.
0	i know it when i see it.
0	barack obama doesn't need to do that.
0	we better look at those 43,000 ballots.
0	okay beppe severgnini and corriere della sera.
0	we're still going to have a problem.
0	probably another couple of weeks or so.
0	but then she got some good news.
0	you know their economy's in big trouble.
0	we have been working around 24-hour schedules.
0	we're going to end it right there.
0	now how did it affect robert peace?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	here's what she calls her demon voice.
0	dale's calling us from greenville in michigan.
0	it's a little bit murky to me.
0	well there are certainly plenty of volcanoes.
0	i'm not here to talk about sex.
0	our first question comes from destiny henderson.
0	i'm simply saying that this is difficult.
0	i've been in a few of those.
0	only irritation and anxiety when he spoke.
0	six composition and how steel is made.
0	the birthday paradox explains 720,000 of them.
0	he's here in the studio with me.
0	and within a week she had died.
0	day to day continues in a moment.
0	and then the next squadron came in.
0	he had chaired the nasdaq stock exchange.
0	and i couldn't pass up the one-liner.
0	i can't attend a class for them.
0	what's the best way to do it?
0	actually it's been a challenge for me.
0	i just feared what i might become.
0	it's a very affordable cost of living.
0	some songs are dead giveaways woeser explains.
0	and i remember the occasion so well.
0	i don't see any evidence for it.
0	yes and that's another big hard question.
0	this is president uribe cousins you're saying.
0	but i want to note one thing.
0	you have to look out for everybody.
0	we blow that in a month here.
0	and i was perfectly prepared for it.
0	it would've been a great release finally.
0	and first we turn to mike shuster.
0	some are angry about this nuclear deal.
0	howard witt thanks for being with us.
0	are you afraid of the truth sir?
0	it's a type of truth telling right?
0	and i still pray for the man.
0	and then i started in on you.
0	in the northeast john mccain a blowout.
0	he and his brother look like twins.
0	it's all accompanied by lots of bells.
0	and the computer doesn't just pick you.
0	well in case you're just joining us.
0	he's got a dome on his head.
0	court proceedings here are typically pretty swift.
0	but if it works it's very profound.
0	and the fires are being put out.
0	david wessel with the wall street journal.
0	iehl gives quick whispered words of advice.
0	they could put a person in there.
0	oh there's so much on the internet.
0	i had no idea this was possible.
0	he could appeal to the supreme court.
0	also we're podcasting and blogging at sciencefriday.
0	any chance to badmouth texas in oklahoma.
0	let's go up there to the balcony.
0	yes they are talking about doing that.
0	oh did you pierce your left ear?
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	you know the idea was perfectly sound.
0	the bank pays all the closing costs.
0	or is inflation about to take off?
0	i'm a little bit nervous about it.
0	but she got herself into this situation.
0	oh it's nice and cool in here.
0	some people are going to want it.
0	they were only following orders he says.
0	it was your son's birthday this week?
0	they didn't have paint before the 1780s.
0	and you really did see this change.
0	he joins us from wxxi in rochester.
0	does that explanation makes sense to you?
0	and i do remember them you know?
0	paul spoke to the conference yesterday morning.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i would love to be somewhere else.
0	so is there an ideal office temperature?
0	welcome back to the program dr. block.
0	anyway yeah fact or fiction why bother?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	it's easier 'cause like they're not there.
0	so i'm hoping that he'll follow suit.
0	this is from jay in norman oklahoma.
0	and i think that's a big mistake.
0	and you know we've been doing it.
0	and there's the last word dr. fedoroff.
0	he became one of larson's favorite antagonists.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	so that's the direction of the talk.
0	mark maremont spoke to us from boston.
0	and one of the it was interesting.
0	just that jump it's just too stark.
0	we were in the park in october.
0	some students don't seem to be listening.
0	they just wanted like a five-page report.
0	and it was a pretty thankless task.
0	so cuts are having to be made.
0	that will continue to be the case.
0	so we got it on both ends.
0	that's republican senator roy blunt of missouri.
0	back then they'd sit on the floor.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	why would they be taking this approach?
0	you know it was a substantial win.
0	you know he's literally on his deathbed.
0	we're glad to have you with us.
0	i think only on a personal level.
0	that's the work i'm here to see.
0	because no one else will take them.
0	now what got you thinking about this?
0	one of their top players was suspended.
0	we're the highest-taxed nation in the world.
0	i mean i can't really- oh man.
0	now i'm like were there two letters?
0	republicans have campaigned strongly against big deficits.
0	john mearsheimer let me start with you.
0	i've found that since i've been back.
0	they are sent over dedicated electronic lines.
0	i tried to take the knife away.
0	listener jeri doney heard a familiar note.
0	we monitor the birds over the winter.
0	and we couldn't stop talking about it.
0	he spoke with us from galveston texas.
0	it shows the potential of licensing arrangements.
0	senior editor for this show paul tough.
0	i've talked to a lot of landowners.
0	well it depends on where you are.
0	that was what we would looking at.
0	here's an email from pat in tulsa.
0	so no. let me figure this out.
0	they simply went they went back home.
0	merck is a large financially strong   company.
0	i'm kelly mcevers in for arun rath.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	the father just sent him to come.
0	so it was a pretty decisive election.
0	they blame them for letting it happen.
0	i think it does make a difference.
0	i had a place to put it.
0	thank you very much for coming in.
0	i think they learned from their mistakes.
0	that's all that existed in the world.
0	ira thank you being back with us.
0	we know that climate change is real.
0	and that takes into account our population.
0	i need my son not this war.
0	we really appreciate the big up here.
0	we have to stop selling our seat.
0	but we did not go to war.
0	his new band was called bon iver.
0	but again it's such a wonderful culture.
0	well it is now up for sale.
0	can you explain the gay generation gap?
0	it could also affect world oil markets.
0	ok so how do the sanctions work?
0	and that dream was somebody else's nightmare.
0	dan thanks very much for the call.
0	can i be the total devil's advocate?
0	it stars tom cruise and dakota fanning.
0	what message do you keep and why?
0	my dad worked here for 14 years.
0	you know at just one time tonto?
0	it's not done to do you harm.
0	unfortunately sometimes police officers have no options.
0	they sign up to protect the society.
0	two-thirds of latinos voted for barack obama.
0	it might be bringing in trusted experts.
0	so what was he like in person?
0	i'm not surprised by that at all.
0	how long do they have for that?
0	republicans on the hill don't believe it.
0	so yes social networks are very powerful.
0	it's a 20-year-old pack of cigarettes unopened.
0	elephants are mostly made of four elements.
0	he says it makes texas less safe.
0	this was stan lee's innovation human superheroes.
0	in fact there wouldn't be as much.
0	and the crowd rises up around me.
0	yes the prodigal rabbit has come home.
0	see peter's on a journey to someplace.
0	and then they can just drop dead.
0	do higher-educated couples marry later in life?
0	that person ends up being zoe saldana.
0	it's not getting a lot of attention.
0	that's the best way to do it.
0	from member station witf ben allen reports.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and we're going out with a bang.
0	so she is not a do-no-harm candidate.
0	what is exactly is an event horizon?
0	from islamabad npr's julie mccarthy has more.
0	afterwards last night it was just fun.
0	the coup didn't accomplish all that much.
0	he only has 40 sheep for company.
0	still the governor's ratings have slipped lately.
0	you call it the lie of 1991.
0	maggie winters is a cofounder of pop!
0	but that doesn't mean the aia applies.
0	it hasn't really impacted the american economy.
0	but that was not benny goodman's fault.
0	others point to speculators on wall street.
0	we want to know what you think.
0	npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson reporting from cairo.
0	are there any benefits to screen time?
0	but can you talk more about that?
0	they did not plan this out right.
0	he got assigned the problem in college.
0	i think it's had three major impacts.
0	oh you can i think you can.
0	please please don't ask me for details.
0	senator chuck grassley is an iowa republican.
0	i wouldn't have felt ignored by god.
0	we will have to do it again.
0	he's not sure he believes that anymore.
0	the krispy kreme doughnuts are an incentive.
0	it's a world that is increasingly democratic.
0	and we'll say stay strong dopey nation.
0	well it is fundamentally a judgment call.
0	neil thanks so much for joining us.
0	you want them to coach a team.
0	danyel smith is editor-in-chief of vibe magazine.
0	most use banks brokerages or retirement accounts.
0	we needed a much bigger technology team.
0	we're still trying to get to yingxiu.
0	he had this is not a surprise.
0	i'm emceeing a couple of citizen tests.
0	and finally around thanksgiving raed was assassinated.
0	you know that was a reality check.
0	they either do it or they don't.
0	sometimes his reference is implied even bizarre.
0	he wants to see the final study.
0	no. i reject this as a practice.
0	he said there were four main factors.
0	and he's a national expert on breathing.
0	you   know we had no radio communications.
0	and that basically erased the video deficit.
0	that's what happened to juan manuel perez.
0	we're drawn to them but they're disruptive.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	and more are choosing to speak out.
0	i would have had this child anyway.
0	so i ended up ordering stylus pens.
0	we're the reserve currency of the world.
0	so you're kind of okay with that?
0	i can't lose i refuse to lose.
0	is there a better way to borrow?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i don't know why i understood that.
0	and thank you for having me michel.
0	it our defense against war is political.
0	i totally agree with what leslie said.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	how much do the companies usually pay?
0	yeah so what do you think patrice?
0	so neiman drove her to get tested.
0	but there are a lot of skeptics.
0	and therefore i'm cooler than you are.
0	this is from colombia to the world.
0	you may want to go to npr.
0	it's been kind of sealed to journalists.
0	i mean where's it going to end?
0	in some cancers that's actually very successful.
0	they may have held back precursor chemicals.
0	the governor is eliminating 1,000 state jobs.
0	i'll tell you what i told them.
0	so where does that money come from?
0	and the ceiling is all pine wood.
0	so those numbers do pick up later.
0	especially when you have that husband mark.
0	but it made minority voters more loyal.
0	are they beyond these kinds of taboos?
0	and this is what we have discovered.
0	why would that have held you back?
0	well we have one volume in print.
0	a man from rochester new york called.
0	they just wanted to see their house.
0	and those are not even news organizations.
0	and i mean thank you for that.
0	i spoke to richard dekaser about this.
0	john thanks very much for the call.
0	so it was like a wake-up call.
0	not to mention that on the stand.
0	imagine if some water bears i mean.
0	yes i was wearing a bulletproof vest.
0	how many people were killed that day?
0	so i decided not to read it.
0	i see the problem in this way.
0	now he says that's not an option.
0	frank thanks very much for the call.
0	dan thanks very much for the call.
0	well that's one aspect of it definitely.
0	and how did he aggressively market valium?
0	ted thanks very much for the call.
0	owen wilson dances the charleston with her.
0	or are we out of our minds?
0	we all need comfort in our lives.
0	i think there's some truth to that.
0	let's move on to the closing statements.
0	when done right it could be ingenious.
0	and so he told me about hosa.
0	well that's not for me to decide.
0	are   there any that you would recommend?
0	and my mother had passed in 1982.
0	i think the polls are quite clear.
0	i think they're all generated by ai.
0	just as important they needed a plan.
0	the thing is syphilis is fully treatable.
0	frank langfitt npr news county donegal ireland.
0	congress cannot just casually suspend habeas corpus.
0	i'm mortified that i mentioned limp bizkit.
0	yeah i do david brother love greene.
0	you met with senator clinton this week.
0	nothing's being done for the jewish refugees.
0	oh thanks for caring what i say.
0	and joining us now is patrick marsek.
0	i think it was an excellent decision.
0	frederick with us from calistoga in california.
0	boy i agree and you know what?
0	sometimes i was the only mexican there.
0	aaron thanks very much for the call.
0	you can just be whatever you want.
0	and that's something you've written about allan.
0	so there's some great amateurs out there.
0	it generates great passions amongst its fans.
0	thanks very much for the call amanda.
0	now wall street is digesting the damage.
0	almost two weeks and about four hours.
0	was it because they didn't want me?
0	me and najah have talked about this.
0	he lost his house and his pension.
0	i knew we'd get there some place.
0	so four five and six are missing.
0	it is exponentially more serious than vietnam.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	what are the prospects for gaza now?
0	no no. it's chaos when it happens.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	i figure the theater would be empty.
0	so that one might be accurate today.
0	i've been writing about china for years.
0	she actually never reported any of it.
0	and then she was a stay-at-home mom.
0	we'll read from your responses next week.
0	it comes today at 1:00 eastern time.
0	in berkeley in particular it's the weather.
0	at night they shared his twin-sized bed.
0	that's npr's eric westervelt not long ago.
0	two hours on a bicycle going uphill?
0	he was in his 70s and healthy.
0	he's going to do what he can.
0	and nice to have you with us.
0	joining us now is gayle tzemach lemmon.
0	you can't refinance the house any more.
0	we'll just have to wait and see.
0	so this is a win-win for obama.
0	he's a nine-year-old boy living in tripoli.
0	julie is with us from portland oregon.
0	mark thanks very much for the call.
0	go on a holiday to wolf lake.
0	that changes the calculus a little bit.
0	and then she'll see something on television.
0	if they could just see them yeah.
0	they're trying to stop the next attack.
0	jamila's head is falling off her body.
0	so you know we're pretty far north.
0	amanda thanks very much for the call.
0	you don't mind that people go though?
0	there are i actually have three children.
0	and it took a direct turn north.
0	npr's eric westervelt reports from the hague.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	corbyn is not the strongest of candidates.
0	one man was bundled into a car.
0	it was like every week every week.
0	i wish we'd have asked that question.
0	yeah i mean where do you stop?
0	jan staples is from cape elizabeth maine.
0	the most common translation is fierce one.
0	well let's move on to another topic.
0	but it's not affecting all countries equally.
0	so to us it was normal behavior.
0	well robert they are   devastating and unexpected.
0	dreier and his wife know they're fortunate.
0	the emergency notification he saw shocked him.
0	where there's scarcity there will be demand.
0	in a recession the case load grows.
0	and so yeah the system is unfair.
0	donna there's also the issue of race.
0	she joins from our bureau in chicago.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and it's time for all tech considered.
0	where did this investigation start for you?
0	workers stitch together coats shawls and hats.
0	i mean we've got a virtual world.
0	and then there was this three-day search.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	i'm not making excuses for my behavior.
0	she's just looking toward me for help.
0	rasul with us from norwich in connecticut.
0	iaia is alive nothing has changed much.
0	i mean we were the lucky ones.
0	and all keep an eye on california.
0	so most of it's just student loans.
0	i also talked today with ron carlee.
0	oh people do that all the time.
0	and with all that snow comes havoc.
0	we are going to fill it up.
0	it did the original composer little good.
0	but do you have your own limit?
0	there is nothing wrong with eating almonds.
0	how many stores do you have donna?
0	it can't be just the president's burden.
0	this is what they have to do.
0	einstein wrote many letters to his family.
0	russia is back on the world stage.
0	i can't remember which was which but.
0	and he said that was great too.
0	i thought i'll write books at night.
0	all right well thanks a lot carlotta.
0	and i just kept lunging and lunging.
0	homosexuality has been decriminalized in india today.
0	and i've been with them ever since.
0	that's aria saadi with why music matters.
0	here's what he told us back then.
0	i end up south of virginia beach.
0	i talked for example to michael farris.
0	a real threat is also in battle.
0	i couldn't power anything at the end.
0	but also he's a very different chairman.
0	that'll bring your unemployment to about 6.9.
0	people use different words gifted prodigy genius.
0	and listening also is part of it.
0	but this has been a great conversation.
0	i want to take some calls now.
0	they didn't really talk down to me.
0	collins calls for a roll call vote.
0	that leaves retailing down five at least.
0	yesterday investigators searched airplanes they searched trucks.
0	those shapes really aren't in the clouds.
0	and it reveals itself in many ways.
0	and when will the defense call witnesses?
0	do you know who picked zuccotti park?
0	well john don george is with us.
0	by the way at our website npr.
0	i can't seem to shake the blues.
0	and the latest on the investigation please.
0	i wouldn't know how conservative they were.
0	are you having people ask for refunds?
0	you know and they can handle it.
0	nice to be back on dry land?
0	in cycling this is a big thing.
0	i had a pen on a chain.
0	for npr news i'm anne goodwin sides.
0	are you looking forward to your future?
0	here's hoping he makes many a sequel.
0	you're talking about conferring rights to terrorists.
0	thanks very much for the call karen.
0	it goes on throughout their work hours.
0	and he goes back on his word.
0	well governor corzine thank you very much.
0	and that's all i have to say.
0	hopefully it's going to pay our rent.
0	we're predicting two to two-and-a-half percent growth.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	they want you to act like them.
0	and that's again corruption in the sport.
0	no i think there is an evolution.
0	it really looks like the next war.
0	i went earlier this week to englewood.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	it is 22 minutes before the hour.
0	we've been together for a long time.
0	and you say oh check it out.
0	all right lets talk about liu xiang.
0	that's sort of why i raised it.
0	he worked closely with lt. kevin evans.
0	there is no rest for the weary.
0	doyle thanks a lot for coming in.
0	you do and i'm not making excuses.
0	david was the one answering the questions.
0	i couldn't believe what i was reading.
0	so are you worried about your money?
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	so let me start it on that.
0	so i put down my tape player.
0	so we'd like to hear from doctors.
0	some people enjoy that more than others.
0	renee montagne is on assignment in afghanistan.
0	farajii you work with high school students.
0	that's where their operating capital comes from.
0	now npr's sam sanders examined trump's tweets.
0	i'm gonna try and carp your market.
0	i've always wanted to be a pilot.
0	that means the manufacturing sector is growing.
0	this stuff doesn't do anything to us.
0	i have no regrets about him leaving.
0	and sadly that's a fact of life.
0	they don't want to wreck the system.
0	that's one question of the midterm elections?
0	it's a real pleasure to be here.
0	do democrats want to pay for it?
0	you might call it crowd-sourcing the atom.
0	for npr news this is louise rafkin.
0	and i mean you cover voting miles.
0	beth accomando of member station kpbs reports.
0	why was that important to do that?
0	he was a stalinist for a while.
0	how did he end up getting caught?
0	we're not just talking about blocking out.
0	can i say that it is likely?
0	i can watch multiple seasons at once.
0	let's go next to this is kathleen.
0	are there python all over the place?
0	like you can't see your own avatar.
0	but that was almost 10 years ago.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	that is the thing with this show.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they come in they do their jobs.
0	then he started asking himself a question.
0	you could only enter as a draftee.
0	he will mail it to her tonight.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	god ordained that he be born black.
0	how would this proposal address those issues?
0	did y'all not see my little great-nephew?
0	but it's not always easy to accommodate.
0	well it was a couple different things.
0	he'll never fly an old f-16 again.
0	merry clayton your father was a minister.
0	but the 2020 census is not over.
0	and irony is not an unfamiliar companion.
0	not a single hand that goes up?
0	we'd also like more of your calls.
0	they complained to the environmental protection agency.
0	always a big taxer my friend mike.
0	the toddler is screaming two sounds together.
0	maria gendron studies psychology at yale university.
0	and they're deployed what three months right?
0	and the incident ended that night how?
0	he specializes in cultural psychology and anthropology.
0	they walk up to the crucifixion scene.
0	this happens more often than you'd think.
0	you know i thought i knew jesus.
0	well that videoconference is actually still going.
0	everybody was following the rules she says.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	it was an overnight flight on jetblue.
0	their opinion matters and their decision matters.
0	i found really everything that i need.
0	it's 12 feet across at the base.
0	the world series is about to begin.
0	so how is this allowed to happen?
0	hank hill isn't funny because he's conservative.
0	but khalid says this is not exploitation.
0	david greene npr news the   white house.
0	we can empathize with it so well.
0	i won't ask the cartel for help.
0	now you're assuming barack obama has won.
0	wait wait till my brother gets home.
0	they have to wait until they fly.
0	in fact afghans like us very much.
0	i have a lot going on mentally.
0	they've been doing this for 15 years.
0	it's more of a research experimental system.
0	but director jon favreau wants another take.
0	scott are you due to go back?
0	was it when- did david call you?
0	he did not win for president but.
0	well i think this dispute is ongoing.
0	but the pic will be cordoned off.
0	it was millions of dollars in debt.
0	coming up luke it is your destiny.
0	is there any of that going on?
0	they wanted to keep their reserves stable.
0	i'm going to protect pensions all that.
0	that's a job left to the states.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	hardly any adults here know their age.
0	yeah people willing to work for nothing.
0	well the eight-letter term is altar boy.
0	and because you list them they are.
0	it is the national guards and reservists.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i don't want to have two kids.
0	i've been trying to gauge that alex.
0	does he have a point this far?
0	this asset's going to be worth less.
0	oh i don't know if i can.
0	for big chinese companies this was frightening.
0	they were lucky to have these drinks.
0	mom don't do it don't do it.
0	but it was a pretty stirring speech.
0	he says he can appeal to anyone.
0	we continued flying in a stable way.
0	dude man they've probably been following you.
0	so the money here isn't the issue.
0	and they are already fundraising on this.
0	it could be a long-forgotten head injury.
0	we can now get electricity from bacteria.
0	i will take those comments to heart.
0	today though we hear from nick ayers.
0	what's not selling well is fringy stuff.
0	this one he warned could be big.
0	you'll want to hear about the ducks.
0	well lou continued good luck to you.
0	since then republicans have steadily gained ground.
0	watch it watch it it will come.
0	you know isomil is 10.3 percent sucrose.
0	after all they control the entire government.
0	you'd obviously put it on new jersey.
0	and we do it with great particularity.
0	you mentioned that hamas listed concrete conditions.
0	you heard it first from saeed jones.
0	they couldn't make a go of it.
0	anthony what's been happening today so far?
0	rick thanks very much for the call.
0	maybe he can find nothing that's fit.
0	the word itself has a derogatory meaning.
0	this could be a huge huge   scandal.
0	first just tell us what happened today.
0	there's not volunteer energy of sufficient magnitude.
0	in 1991 most tobacco billboards came down.
0	you have to make the cellulose accessible.
0	you know everything's burning all around you.
0	you need to get out of here.
0	there were bitter debates with his creditors.
0	one that was a mini presidential election.
0	i'm glad you guys finally made it.
0	listen to this clip from the film.
0	sheena has always been there for me.
0	we usually call this the first one.
0	court says nope you can't do that.
0	again i don't think we're sure yet.
0	my utility company has a great system.
0	musically jordan's a bit of a contradiction.
0	last month cody personally felt the squeeze.
0	they can't work because they're not citizens.
0	we're still waiting for an official announcement.
0	and it is quite hard to accomplish.
0	so they order the trees cut down.
0	so for me it's a real issue.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and you know that just doesn't happen.
0	i think the timing is just perfect.
0	and what do you think about them?
0	okay i'll try to keep this short.
0	or you know any kind of critique.
0	we've been talking about the president's speech.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. wang.
0	or was algiers point the only place?
0	thanks a pleasure to be back flora.
0	also you can go to our website.
0	i have to disagree with that comment.
0	it was also sporting nora's feather hat.
0	those are algae off the shelf essentially.
0	today the pros and cons of windmills.
0	what are you doing here you know?
0	well you could two at a night.
0	i hope it will continue to be.
0	the convoy   leaves in a few days.
0	i'm regretting what i'm saying right now.
0	locals are kind of conflicted i guess.
0	and it will print out a building?
0	so now that gives hallquist an opening.
0	the gay canadian jew living in manhattan.
0	we were in the midst of greatness.
0	well we've looked at a few things.
0	i've got a camera in my hands.
0	karen grigsby bates npr news los angeles.
0	let the justice system take its course.
0	that's putting new pressure on first responders.
0	you can read his blog at jamesfallows.
0	you know i had to face reality.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	are the ahs worth all the watch-out-below?
0	if passed it could transform the country.
0	that's worth any investment they might think.
0	we're going to hold elected officials accountable.
0	let's sail to poland i told him.
0	is it just many years of various?
0	act two don't drive like my brother.
0	ninety-six of them were lawyers and bankers.
0	enjoy yourself and enjoy all your prizes.
0	it's probably lower than 50 though huh?
0	that is not going to happen though.
0	meanwhile alex was formulating his own plan.
0	you can also drop us an email.
0	i mean to turn it on him.
0	the book is neither definitive nor palliative.
0	well it's what's not in the report.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and i had got denied by them.
0	ment and wendall are sweet people really.
0	first of all americans are more independent.
0	this isn't just about keeping families safe.
0	they are a walking thunderstorm i think.
0	in fact it's reflected in our constitution.
0	did they want to take the guns?
0	a very professional guy very well liked.
0	and super super organized super super competent.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we went out with them on patrol.
0	darlene was voicing her experience last night.
0	they went no no no. it's fine.
0	i feed a family so you know.
0	barack obama does not have executive experience.
0	we'll continue this conversation in a moment.
0	and every person is potentially fan ping.
0	are we not making some progress there?
0	so you were all over the city?
0	and i said well i celebrate hanukkah.
0	an excellent question in an anti-immigrant age.
0	actually i've thought about it both ways.
0	and you're just kind of wandering around.
0	then tomorrow they'll be in las vegas.
0	it's not easy for them to communicate.
0	it's a higher priority than combating genocide.
0	she pad employees out of the drawer.
0	so they have a couple of options.
0	you are your own boss out there.
0	you're supposed to be at certain altitudes.
0	what would you like to further astrobiology?
0	her naiveness made it funnier than ever.
0	watch how he's going to come now.
0	anyway it really made it quite funny.
0	they were so over-staffed it was unbelievable.
0	that's npr's sylvia poggioli reporting from rome.
0	those waiting on line are mostly elderly.
0	but much of the year they're empty.
0	i mean that is the grossest thing.
0	we're governed essentially by their legislative delegations.
0	they're honestly going to find some wrongdoing.
0	philip welcome to talk of the nation.
0	they wanted to be like the guys.
0	all right let's stop that right there.
0	i apologize for assuming it was ohio.
0	eight billion dollars a month we're spending.
0	and those are two very different things?
0	and he said yeah what's going on?
0	prescott bush jr. george h.w. bush's brother.
0	will moderate islam have a   political voice?
0	all right a voice to end there.
0	daryl gates was the l.a. police chief.
0	they cannot continue to stall on progress.
0	how does he make me a soldier?
0	i doubt they were shoeing the horses.
0	sanjeev studied the items on the mantle.
0	there is no one simple straight answer.
0	mayor steve hagerty announced the final vote.
0	and he wrote very carefully about it.
0	well one of the things we're doing.
0	so far no one had met twinkle.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	mark which countries are supporting minister ban?
0	i mean the sheer gall of it.
0	he said he no longer trusts anyone.
0	president karzai has very much acknowledged this.
0	michael thanks very much for the call.
0	that is npr's london correspondent frank langfitt.
0	but no one's been charged with that.
0	it's already 110 and only getting hotter.
0	i think we can defeat this proposal.
0	he says gerrymandering hurts democracy a little.
0	we've done all kinds of different things.
0	how's he going to pay for it?
0	you can't say the f-word on radio.
0	yeah and then they push you down.
0	i often compared it to santa fe.
0	siamese cats often have very bright yellow.
0	he was a very good textual critic.
0	i mean we are for the masses.
0	figure that out 'cause that's a problem.
0	the artists call themselves the midival   punditz.
0	are you ready to play this week?
0	but it would take an enormous loudspeaker.
0	bill calling an independent on the line.
0	now he's not been very good either.
0	i'm really going to miss you neal.
0	is there an organized effort for this?
0	we're not smarter than anybody any others.
0	he's this big guy with shaggy hair.
0	traffic is traffic no matter how small.
0	i certainly agree with him on that.
0	oh it's so good to see you.
0	so here we are graduating from college.
0	it's what we are doing to ourselves.
0	and she could mouth things at me.
0	i'd say can you wait on me?
0	i've not found an example of that.
0	i loved your descriptions of high street.
0	most people won't want to do that.
0	that's the thing atomic blue taught me.
0	that's their role model positive role model.
0	was he a big bearded white guy?
0	mary louise you got one for me?
0	by 2005 it had grown to 800.
0	and so he'll be doing that again.
0	will it be erased from their memories?
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	so they actually work on federal cases.
0	and so a lot is against them.
0	there are few religious or historical texts.
0	and the hickel highway is still there.
0	we had to go into the streets.
0	alan sager would you agree with that?
0	what do you mean only 40 turkeys?
0	he wanted sean spicer to go out.
0	it's an experience that can change people.
0	i think i'll still be here working.
0	here's why it costs so much money.
0	yeah they've done that a couple times.
0	what do you think about this plan?
0	he was an irascible xenophobic anti-semitic guy.
0	i started flipping all over the ground.
0	could that mean even more reality television?
0	i was listening to it driving home.
0	coming up we'll talk about peer-to-peer lending.
0	but south carolina is a tough fight.
0	he won with crossover democrats and independents.
0	jordanians don't want to overthrow their monarchy.
0	one said no i'll ask my teacher.
0	i never saw paul as a monster.
0	one line of inquiry leads to another.
0	we're of course waiting to   find out.
0	i just want to make a comment.
0	and welcome to talk of the nation.
0	probably the primates and the monkeys yeah.
0	first of the four-party talks in beijing.
0	now she hesitates even to go   inside.
0	i was finished with gbbo's back catalogue.
0	sometimes the ban comes from the government.
0	pollster muin khoury has surveyed jordanian youth.
0	for context you had a breakup right?
0	he joins us by phone from   pennsylvania.
0	you had to have different golf terms.
0	more on that when we come back.
0	or someone has made their sideburn disappear.
0	you have thoughts on this e j?
0	his only previous experience in these matters?
0	he resigned basically calling it a whitewash.
0	john dickerson chief political correspondent at slate.
0	he got 16 percent of the vote.
0	i mean talk to me about that.
0	still kono is determined to help rebuild.
0	no i think it's just bad business.
0	joey is throwing rocks at his brother.
0	i got to the business at hand.
0	she's not letting him take the tent.
0	but the tornados themselves are very strong.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well you know yeah that's exactly right.
0	so just in terms of that e-mail.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	he was the deciding vote for cafta.
0	and actually mohammad mossadegh was not assassinated.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	these people are dedicated to picher oklahoma.
0	he's managing editor of marijuana business daily.
0	it's not because the republicans deserve it.
0	so obviously it hurts the republican party.
0	why would you do songs about science?
0	but quickly exactly how does compubox work?
0	a little bit of what went wrong.
0	the cowboys didn't give him that opportunity.
0	we got the joke and it's bad.
0	i want $2,000 for this little gun.
0	don gonyea npr news the white   house.
0	and are they injured in this process?
0	npr's sports correspondent of destiny tom goldman.
0	so go ahead and look straight ahead.
0	we're a long way from this possibility.
0	that's not a minor point of difference.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	the nurse left work at five o'clock.
0	and it's all on the tax   rolls.
0	and i mean it is absolutely terrifying.
0	others were like delgado has more money.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	that's not the same for synthetic drugs.
0	that is melissa harris-lacewell of princeton university.
0	the militia that's loyal to moqtada sadr.
0	joe scotchells was cheering next to her.
0	how freely can you talk to people?
0	and what exactly happened over the weekend?
0	thanks a lot for talking with us.
0	but the point is they were scrambling.
0	so tell us about the ted spread.
0	i just learned that fact this week.
0	he does this a couple of ways.
0	we're celebrating because ted has turned one.
0	so how are people coping with this?
0	you know how much do we lie?
0	not surprisingly lenny didn't return his call.
0	so that's a confession and a comment.
0	thank you so much for coming in.
0	or worse here's something she worries about.
0	he never interviewed or arrested the doctor.
0	so who does that house belong to?
0	i think we need to split up.
0	well one of us got our wish.
0	also the rhetoric they were terrible poets.
0	now she concludes now that is oppression.
0	i come from a town called hope.
0	our first goes back almost 10 years.
0	a lot of people just think it.
0	so that's a scene from the crown.
0	all of us were kept in isolation.
0	and there's a difference big big difference.
0	so one of my criteria was stability.
0	maybe he was trying to be friendly.
0	her parents asked to see the body.
0	kyle stephens joins us now from chicago.
0	it was an argument over a girl.
0	don gonyea npr news the white   house.
0	he has no substance to be president.
0	well you didn't impress me she said.
0	it was called no collusion no obstruction.
0	he looks around and clears his throat.
0	it felt like a mistake right away.
0	i served this country in the military.
0	and there are other places like this.
0	thirty-five years is a long time ago.
0	george johnston later joined the family's church.
0	mary thanks very much for the call.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	i got it down to one boom.
0	we have to stop selling our representation.
0	it's kind of been a mixed difference.
0	republicans in congress claim the same thing.
0	and these are new situations for them.
0	it is getting a little bit better.
0	and of course this is factually unfounded.
0	now i have a question for you.
0	greg myre npr news fort meade md.
0	i tried to forget but i couldn't.
0	still a few ambulances are getting out.
0	we called j.c. hutchings the book's co-author.
0	what did she do when this happened?
0	this is a different kind of question.
0	now it's like wow you did that?
0	doohan was born in vancouver in 1920.
0	i have no interest in   taking it.
0	we want ted to be low yeah.
0	they're looking at sales data from stores.
0	no one is immune from cyber crime.
0	meanwhile dodie arnold made a different choice.
0	it was my word against the doctor.
0	each word of the conversation was   labored.
0	african-americans are not naive the president said.
0	it would do so for three months.
0	but this current outbreak has changed that.
0	does it influence your style or not?
0	so everyone's being really cautious right now.
0	intuit is the company that owns turbotax.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we'll hear more from quil lawrence tomorrow.
0	that was i almost didn't send that.
0	he now says he's an independent voter.
0	everybody was fighting for my parents' attention.
0	and it's just i love the game.
0	the black-skinned man is described as looting.
0	you have a bunch of complicated issues.
0	by ourselves this change will not happen.
0	but here's the thing because he died.
0	it almost didn't come out at all.
0	he also had a very good army.
0	he jokes that the conversion didn't last.
0	there were three buttons in the puzzle.
0	they came to storycorps in homewood ala.
0	that's tom jackman of the washington post.
0	and then so for halloween as well.
0	satan's trying to take over this country.
0	they could give you names and addresses.
0	all right we are taking your calls.
0	he studies his new language every day.
0	all you have to do is flush.
0	thanks so much for joining us today.
0	neighbors are helping one another she says.
0	yes there is a company called nanosolar.
0	it does indeed have a happy ending.
0	professor thank you for being with us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and i think it probably is true.
0	she told them to go to bed.
0	and then paramountit was a surprise suitor.
0	but they don't have any secure communications.
0	oil revenues are   guaranteed to the government.
0	can i hear what that sounds like?
0	after all this was three years ago.
0	if you're ever in cleveland stop in.
0	it's the raising of the interest rates.
0	peter welcome back to you as well.
0	he joins us in just a moment.
0	and he said what do you want?
0	luke you had a rough day yesterday.
0	it permeated the club when i arrived.
0	they're going to ask you two questions.
0	and so it requires very strong oversight.
0	and i'm like so who is this?
0	rob what's the latest on the investigation?
0	yeah she's trying to just comfort them.
0	the victim and his victimizer are united.
0	they doubled their numbers every 24 hours.
0	jones did spread the crisis actor theory.
0	and the judges ultimately make the decisions.
0	but you can't just put it off.
0	well here's another story from seth merritt.
0	this is her way of talking back.
0	there are flashbacks and wild mood swings.
0	now this is still way in laboratory.
0	so has the movie transformed your life?
0	have a great and safe holiday weekend.
0	and it's determined to see it through.
0	more importantly his victim pleads his case.
0	i don't want to close the border.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	the obamas know your place don't they?
0	ryan thanks very much for the call.
0	well i it can unbalance a life.
0	he gets regular security briefings of course.
0	place mint leaves in an old-fashioned glass.
0	so i won't even thank you marty.
0	joe and his team called it readyreturn.
0	her doctor thought it might be allergies.
0	and that's not on this album though.
0	they're not just for the military anymore.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	there's also another app called the clippertron.
0	i thought they made a good choice.
0	i have encountered a number of them.
0	countries around the world condemned the launch.
0	they may affect police morale and recruitment.
0	i hope that this never happens again.
0	you say that's not what was happening?
0	i'd like to get everyone covered somehow.
0	it's the hardest thing about the business.
0	so the nba has to as well.
0	why did you decide to do that?
0	and she's part of a wider trend.
0	athletes kind of have to move on.
0	you've written extensively about gender and sexuality.
0	don't get in fights on the internet.
0	how much more does he love us?
0	eighty-year-old tom is usually the best shooter.
0	that's another one of my complaints here.
0	he thought you really blew a chance.
0	oh we just had a bad idea.
0	so the community dictate what i   sell.
0	we're putting the trade war on hold.
0	was it free speech or disorderly conduct?
0	but this gitmo   thing it keeps resurfacing.
0	it's just different than in the past.
0	hadas thanks so much for coming in.
0	and that applies to every machine here.
0	the schaft team though wasn't giving interviews.
0	they are you know several thousand pounds.
0	for the rastafarians selassie is god incarnate.
0	this is the dispenser of wise advice.
0	and good luck with the dead fish.
0	he got flown out from an airstrip.
0	so again you have an albert pujols.
0	it was just this swirling gray mess.
0	this is what she had to say.
0	it's expected to cost up to $40,000.
0	i'm not ignoring that fact at all.
0	you mentioned going inside the locker room.
0	so they've got a great writing team.
0	we also test them on state capitals.
0	the sliver is where injustices might occur.
0	hey 62 is the new 50 right?
0	now that doesn't mean they have everything.
0	they were just more into the dope.
0	hi i'm just delighted to be here.
0	this is your life you're talking about.
0	so this was the first court case.
0	and that's pretty much the whole activity.
0	a civilian sees a completely unprovoked shooting.
0	or do they need to be distinct?
0	are they going to be in order?
0	but obviously they're paying attention quite closely.
0	there are populists and there were internationalists.
0	debbie elliott npr news orange beach alabama.
0	so he asked where her head was.
0	hansi lo wang npr news new york.
0	he was raised in a catholic culture.
0	let's talk a bit about the numbers.
0	well of course it's the president's sequester.
0	of course that's the baby boom's fault.
0	that's how the so-called arab spring started.
0	so they've taken care of the money.
0	no it's not a civil rights issue.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and of course adam died from cancer.
0	nice to have you back with us.
0	so do i. thank you very much.
0	yeah my taxes are filed and done.
0	the other was obtaining its food elsewhere.
0	we're up to g will be next.
0	and it's short-handed to the second amendment.
0	well scott what's the idea behind this?
0	why would a nuclear-armed iran be unacceptable?
0	it's not going to give her cancer.
0	our knees aren't what they once were.
0	my youngest brother he just turned 18.
0	well it kind of prevented the infection.
0	but i know it's good for us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i live on a quiet residential block.
0	but they've never been compared on costs.
0	did you hear vice president biden yesterday?
0	it's got a 10-point republican advantage here.
0	you were called to identify the body?
0	why did you have to do that?
0	get in contact as soon as possible.
0	all right thanks very much good luck.
0	what's the jefferson jackson dinner all about?
0	and that kind of made an impact.
0	they've been in prison their whole lives.
0	now however the answer is relatively simple.
0	you know some of them laughed uncomfortably.
0	and then there are other stigma issues.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	it's this sort of gorgeous pop-shoegaze thing.
0	and you're still one of only two.
0	that's the capital of papua new guinea.
0	some might die but others are born.
0	mosquitoes have been developing resistance to them.
0	nobody has a job in the house.
0	the questions were all 140 characters max.
0	so where do we go to look?
0	and guess who the tooth fairy was?
0	and why through the criminal justice system?
0	harper treated me to a farewell lunch.
0	there's a muscle memory that was there.
0	i mean this was a real risk.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	i was recently in the emergency room.
0	because it's like a sauna up there.
0	you really don't know the whole circumstance.
0	some safety experts have more practical concerns.
0	which way does the republican party went?
0	and there are different forms of safety.
0	orbital reflector does none of those things.
0	and that's what archaeology is really about.
0	but this is still a controversial idea.
0	i mean you know look at me.
0	and two to look at the coverage.
0	these people do come back into society.
0	i don't know of any such studies.
0	happy new year to you as well.
0	to make people come back to jetblue.
0	are we just going to die out?
0	you know i just finished it today.
0	right now the fcc is testing them.
0	that's the position we're in right now.
0	thank you and we appreciate that donna.
0	where's the theater is it still here?
0	deborah what else are you working on?
0	people say oh yes conditions-based makes sense.
0	huge glittering christmas trees fill the rooms.
0	you know i've had a great career.
0	so the hatred is there for america.
0	cancer disease arthritis all these other things.
0	but i don't like what i'm seeing.
0	i'm neal conan in culver city california.
0	it's like sleeping with your pants on.
0	and the arkansas travelers are blushing pink.
0	yes i've lost three very good friends.
0	so this is something for my town.
0	neal conan will be back on monday.
0	so it's kind of lonely i guess.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	and how did you solve the puzzle?
0	was she hoping to get into politics?
0	they have different visions for their country.
0	well nkrumah pierre thank you so much.
0	milgram was a sociologist in the 1960s.
0	and that process is known as reunification.
0	you thought that was a hard puzzle.
0	that was damien valentine's first out-of-school suspension.
0	and in fact you mentioned his breakthrough.
0	daniel losen of ucla's civil rights project.
0	it's a little valley a river here.
0	i said we both voted for trump.
0	the hbo series is based in belfast.
0	that's where people are laying the blame.
0	and with that i need a nap.
0	he's superintendent of schools for   wyoming county.
0	what about a his and hers plot?
0	yeah like hide my baldingness i guess.
0	i did play-by-play of a presidential impeachment.
0	old alliances like old soldiers never die.
0	it's a big deal in east asia.
0	the constitution talks about armies and navies.
0	abloh says that's not a new revelation.
0	you're pretty brave yourself to call in.
0	they're trying to break up with facebook.
0	it's just a measure of being focused.
0	so it's a cliche but it's true.
0	and that's how i first met petey.
0	it came to me on my pager.
0	so they are permitting these inspectors in.
0	there is a lively political circumstance there.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	nancy's on the line calling from boise.
0	but the routes don't make any sense.
0	he goes by the stage name the-dream.
0	debbie elliott npr news orange beach alabama.
0	the administration says that program is legal.
0	we are known all over the world.
0	we've had a lot of success together.
0	the love we have for each other.
0	well this is now a class-action suit.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	that possibility was discussed by fed officials.
0	we need the world to fight them.
0	tonight he also has some bad news.
0	here's chuck quirmbach of wisconsin public radio.
0	no. people go on with their lives.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	basically it's up to the judge yes.
0	you can also comment on our blog.
0	i wouldn't have brought my kids back.
0	amit thanks very much for the call.
0	that doesn't seem like much at all.
0	and this was not that sunny image.
0	it's like those ads for prescription drugs.
0	what do we know about david bernhardt?
0	and it was a chapter on nagging.
0	it's not just about what you hear.
0	we haven't heard any complaints from parents.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	i should have done this last week.
0	the grammar doesn't compute in my mind.
0	i think this culture has been there.
0	let's face it everybody else was already.
0	but it just i can't manage that.
0	that's anne schuchat the cdc's acting director.
0	but for now this is what's happening.
0	what are your plans for those ships?
0	you'll be paying on it for years.
0	so how did you figure it out?
0	critz will do a great job there.
0	sarah thanks very much for the call.
0	you know again its all about water.
0	when it comes to terrorist recruitment minneapolis-st.
0	well i'll miss some republican moderates too.
0	he had shot himself in the head.
0	i don't know what we can do.
0	they'll be there in part for paula.
0	and so this is your weekly routine.
0	at that level we're seeing the change.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	most americans simply are not saving anything.
0	npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson in manchester england.
0	george with us from loves park illinois.
0	but i ended up taking a detour.
0	oh i'm so glad they're coming back.
0	he's sort of left the stage itself.
0	i wanted to go and try something.
0	somehow that's how this entire play ended.
0	so as china grows we will benefit.
0	npr's business news starts with twitter's ipo.
0	but it sounds like it's not enough.
0	so if trump reaches the white house.
0	so they're getting a 33 percent increase.
0	well we didn't see any immediate effects.
0	welcome to talk of the nation stacy.
0	adel iskander what are they chanting here?
0	president lyndon johnson went on national television.
0	and when i fell the bull fell.
0	audience what do you think of that?
0	they were quick to diagnose our problem.
0	to turn around a troubled school district.
0	but really what everyone wants to know?
0	i mean once you're gone you're gone.
0	they've been only marginally successful thus far.
0	and in the panic they pushed me.
0	the president attaches himself personally to stories.
0	we're currently involved in more of these.
0	now here's a bigger question for you.
0	mi5 they're the domestic intelligence agency here.
0	so i practice a number of disciplines.
0	so what's next in this strange saga?
0	yeah i mean it was a shame.
0	they published his threats in the magazine.
0	but hopefully she'll go back to sleep.
0	i was like i don't think so.
0	and she'd gone over the line there.
0	no i don't want it to happen.
0	and i got teary i started crying.
0	yeah so just every week was different.
0	kelly says nothing has changed since friday.
0	wait were you going to take them?
0	this is   what some of them say.
0	the boat was stripped clean zhang says.
0	or it's going to stay this bare?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we just can't make a lot more.
0	the problem is with the whole system.
0	for answers weve called on william wheaton.
0	there's a whole of chemistry of silane.
0	and i remember i started telling people.
0	take a while to find these things.
0	we're paying him to monitor the cameras.
0	i used to make fun of people.
0	he was a typical workaholic suburban dad.
0	it's nice to have you with us.
0	and megan what's your vision of retirement?
0	so you go and test that hypothesis.
0	so i actually went to my parents.
0	i'm not saying that in the least.
0	here she is on cnn in january.
0	maxine waters sells out to hillary clinton.
0	is that an issue do you think?
0	you're almost desperate to get away mentally.
0	and that's what i pick up on.
0	that is minnesota state representative esther agbaje.
0	well actually ira that's not really true.
0	you got all your life for boys.
0	very rarely do they take them back.
0	we haven't had hardly any of that.
0	and this was a movie like that.
0	he was really quite obsessed with chocolate.
0	this is the senate armed services committee.
0	they are pursuing vaccine on both fronts.
0	my thank you for taking my call.
0	judy welcome to talk of the nation.
0	i wanted to buy these for three.
0	so that all changed after mom died.
0	then there's the long vacation in august.
0	so just where was their t-shirt born?
0	goodwin led rbs into a catastrophic take-over.
0	peter what about your perspective in brussels?
0	welcome back to science friday dr. ward.
0	it's like you've lost a loved one.
0	there were other wives around for that.
0	and they don't know what implications are.
0	flores says he's not asking for sympathy.
0	i got to get on my trip.
0	she'd spent her life in the district.
0	each room have a bed in it.
0	so we're talking about playing the odds.
0	act four taking sisterhood one step further.
0	i'm a black woman with cerebral palsy.
0	i took sick when i came back.
0	exactly exactly except it's potentially way faster.
0	hamas leader   mahmoud zahar rejects the accusations.
0	this was one of her earliest stories.
0	you know smaller ones stand mixers vacuums.
0	that is literally the million-dollar question right?
0	it is commonly used in other countries.
0	and there was no collusion with russia.
0	he does not want to say that.
0	and who actually questioned you about this?
0	it's sort of luck of the draw.
0	people ask me that all the time.
0	the president's own approval ratings are down.
0	well how much review does she need?
0	was that the one where that happened?
0	oh we stopped at a great place.
0	yeah and i just started writing it.
0	we don't remember anything about warren harding.
0	but i think there's no mystery left.
0	but there are also two competing narratives.
0	my interview with iggy pop from 2007.
0	they sleep and eat in their cars.
0	you know it was 130-miles per hour.
0	only twenty percent will have an increase.
0	on the republican side people like paulson.
0	but not everyone has been hit hard.
0	something was missing for yelena in russia.
0	he always told us about those tips.
0	lindsey welcome to talk of the nation.
0	the world is full of guinea pigs.
0	that's what we're talking about right now.
0	scream cry you know ask for help.
0	i loved that rabbity guy that second.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	jonathan levin from ann arbor michigan protested.
0	but i think it's a valid question.
0	bruce hoffman thanks for talking with us.
0	that is the thing about my muscles.
0	he's so pretty and he's so creepy.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	don't know where we're going on that.
0	and he was really overwhelmed by it.
0	the majority of them they don't know.
0	but what about that case in philadelphia?
0	but i guess i was different somehow.
0	glenn and his roommate collect beer cans.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	i'm puerto rican just so you know.
0	listen let me tell you i know.
0	questions to the president at a briefing?
0	why are you people so damn loud?
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	this goes on or that goes on.
0	you're afraid to let yourself be happy.
0	nathan calling from lake county in california.
0	and he is talking about pushing change.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	so what are you doing today alonzo?
0	he died a couple of years ago.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	i believe they had a malaysian investor.
0	no one knows why it was created.
0	it's eight miles from there to here.
0	well senator rand paul joins us now.
0	no because we are in our country.
0	they don't talk about politics that much.
0	went through treatment got better moved on.
0	i mean she's got all these ideas.
0	post your comments by going to nprnewsandviews.
0	foxx says safety is the main priority.
0	craig and isabella welcome to the show.
0	it was ugly and it was angry.
0	can you think of a sexual joke?
0	and it really was a touching moment.
0	and she is very good at it.
0	china called the rescue an illegal subsidy.
0	from member station kqed amy standen reports.
0	and so there'll be a tier effect.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the chinese though issued an interesting statement.
0	but all hail the cardinals andrea honestly.
0	and actually they take it very seriously.
0	the sound of a real western diamondback.
0	those are clearly crimes fighters throwing fights.
0	we just play soft music for them.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	september 11th changed the immigration landscaper forever.
0	and i was really hurt by that.
0	npr's mara liasson thank you so much.
0	and the subject matter is different too.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	they haven't really got their act together.
0	and it was a very mixed bag.
0	just because of the reasons you said.
0	we are now jogging up ludlow street.
0	he said i miss you so much.
0	but i think he's right about that.
0	neal could i might i jump in?
0	he said he would stay a month.
0	of course i was concerned about medgar.
0	and i sort of filed that away.
0	so i don't it's in the constitution.
0	and then i'm apologizing to these people.
0	or why aren't you texting me back?
0	we want to spend money on it.
0	it stars george clooney and tom wilkinson.
0	it's a lifestyle and it's a philosophy.
0	what are bolsonaro's plans on environmental policy?
0	history teachers give us a call: 800-989-8255.
0	you're going to make thousands of mistakes.
0	so he saw me on the video.
0	what have you done to my house?
0	now joe let me turn to you.
0	what do you foresee there howard bryant?
0	nobody wants to win most school spirited.
0	it's thursday so bring on those letters.
0	it's lovely to hear stories like that.
0	well so it started as a march.
0	so that's sort of his death spiral.
0	it makes your content decisions for you.
0	i don't know what happened to them.
0	but the truth is there was none.
0	the fires are going to get worse.
0	he's a good he's a good person.
0	how would i explain it to them?
0	but this is a different issue here.
0	but the medical community mostly pushed back.
0	well let's do a little scientific test.
0	it's not that we're necessarily against it.
0	none of his mail has any smell.
0	the alliance faults exxonmobil on four counts.
0	nearby wayne baker waved at passing cars.
0	what do you foresee in the finals?
0	or around the state or national organizations?
0	alan zegas thinks it's a good thing.
0	and it came out on black friday.
0	he's had extensive combat experience in iraq.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	i couldn't really see under the couch.
0	one of the chants down with mubarak.
0	just like oh mind your own business.
0	and demetrius walker is in college now.
0	tenenbaum typifies the obama administration regulatory approach.
0	but it's a healthy nickel and dime.
0	tom bowman npr news camp leatherneck afghanistan.
0	i didn't fill it up with nitroglycerin.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and you may take your dispute there.
0	so i think we are definitely learning.
0	but there are trainings for incapacitated crewmembers.
0	but it's all going backwards not forward.
0	the private sector also has the money.
0	you get to know somebody pretty quickly.
0	did he ever have one at all?
0	wesley with us from lapeer in michigan.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	well i think we have to be.
0	you asked you couldn't find my mother?
0	and joining is puzzle master will shortz.
0	flies and meets my mom in dallas.
0	richard lyons is in the band negativland.
0	at the same time i was choking.
0	the process itself will be immeasurably chaotic.
0	of course it's irresistible to google this.
0	and the text wasn't just to marc.
0	they're like oh because there's a virus.
0	the year 2005 was a disastrous year.
0	andre kouri is part owner of cactus.
0	yeah if you will be facing deportation.
0	i've heard people talk about growing up.
0	so iraqi sources say that she's iraqi.
0	or both in the case of yugoslavia.
0	they have one last back and forth.
0	and yesterday that was six miles north.
0	and google here directly taking on apple.
0	well no i'd have to choose jefferson.
0	it is this week in where else?
0	i'm not a fan of that song.
0	this is part of being a man.
0	last spring the supreme court overturned it.
0	i hope we can do this again.
0	he doesn't want to leave his room.
0	you know you're on vacation right now.
0	he is who she wants to record.
0	but i was still raking doing both.
0	i think we're in 170-plus countries now.
0	but she knows it's important to me.
0	increasing numbers express their views through violence.
0	tom welcome to talk of the nation.
0	john i'm running for congress this year.
0	i hadn't met all thosei'd seen them.
0	and we've shared mauna kea for years.
0	i'm profoundly disappointed when he doesn't deliver.
0	every night veronica cried herself to sleep.
0	that's like writing 22 movies a year.
0	that's the lowest mark in 25 years.
0	smaller supply higher global demand higher prices.
0	that was all great we enjoyed learning.
0	if so we're in a big rush.
0	i want to get off the phone.
0	they're meant to spread fear and terror.
0	there's a democratic leader who's mobbed up.
0	it was putting up a valiant fight.
0	conductor rachel worby's eyes light up too.
0	what do you mean by slow play?
0	it's a very hard thing to do.
0	thats almost half of the population there.
0	a lot of art has been moved.
0	for nine days abdi hadn't heard anything.
0	how many people will   leave for good?
0	the mayor did not expect any trouble.
0	and he's sort of famously bernie schwartz.
0	how it plays out politically is complicated.
0	i see no evidence the u.s. does.
0	he wields far more power than ahmadinejad.
0	in his despair he becomes more religious.
0	first of all is this prior restraint?
0	and that's how their love story began.
0	she gave birth to a black child.
0	you know it was just very emotional.
0	extraordinary events an extraordinary week in zimbabwe.
0	and the question has to be raised.
0	from gaza city npr's eric westervelt reports.
0	we never had floods like this before.
0	no i can't go back to iraq.
0	and so i take off my belt.
0	is this sickening or is this strategy?
0	they begin blossoming after only five years.
0	it is an enormous series of panels.
0	raul got to wear his finest uniform.
0	you can't take people off a plane.
0	diana welcome to talk of the nation.
0	this talk of men quickly turned explicit.
0	for hillary it's always been about kids.
0	i think we're having a little difficulty.
0	and how are you finding this out?
0	these guys they don't negotiate on cash.
0	one of them is 45-year-old jason arrington.
0	but what does this mean big picture?
0	i mean this was not a protest.
0	some camps are being ordered to shut.
0	tomorrow is going to change my life.
0	he has to go teach a class.
0	you want to know what's in here?
0	i've got a bunch of different cases.
0	and that question continues to be raised.
0	and they'll say you mean like hockey?
0	there is not a lot of fiscalization.
0	so but the reality is often different.
0	so there's been a lot of instability.
0	occupational safety and health is also weak.
0	there are still people who need more.
0	and so there's a battle going on.
0	so this is a pretty stark picture.
0	that would certainly please the white house.
0	so why do the same with electroceuticals?
0	i can't recall actually seeing him happy.
0	and they're far away from this facility.
0	and i hope people can do that.
0	but first richard rickitt is with us.
0	chef wiley calls turkey thighs overlooked underappreciated.
0	demand is up in the car industry.
0	still i have a job to do.
0	but that's actually not how it evolved.
0	well you know it's kind of tricky.
0	no no. that was just the opposite.
0	it was something out of a movie.
0	these words are repeated again and again.
0	does he have the kind of showmanship?
0	just come and you will be safe.
0	it's just so much fun to watch.
0	i mean this is pretty major news.
0	the officer doesn't ask for a bribe.
0	this was the headquarters of the opposition.
0	and i   wonder did you have difficulty?
0	in japan this is still very tough.
0	i think we started basically in june.
0	and they still love her for it.
0	so you can join at different levels.
0	i'll go through it very briefly indeed.
0	he might come down and deport you.
0	npr shannon van sant offers this report.
0	ultimately i had to go with jefferson.
0	that black folks have issues with sometimes.
0	anthony what about the timing of this?
0	and this is your first time winning.
0	i was not afraid to do that.
0	the restaurants are probably hit the hardest.
0	and after work when phelps goes home.
0	i would love to play you that.
0	greg i mean north carolina knows hurricanes.
0	the smoky haze is hanging over everything.
0	i speak with longtime activist uday al-jabiri.
0	and i mean it's ridiculous farai   really.
0	and that was to be our supper.
0	it didn't happen in 2001 to 2006.
0	it has like a really luscious consistency.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i told myself hey are you rejected?
0	and i heard those kind of stories.
0	they don't want to disrupt the river?
0	you said republicans learned something about messaging.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	tonight uconn plays host to florida state.
0	we know we're talking in the thousands.
0	and we're here and that reassures them.
0	why this decision at this particular moment?
0	going once twice third and final call.
0	and then of course we were caught.
0	was it standard practice or a cover-up?
0	now there are downsides to this deal.
0	she reminded me so much of diego.
0	congressman i know you have to run.
0	and all of those things are happening.
0	mike's position with the club was obscure.
0	all prayer like all politics is local.
0	madoff had no fear zero of regulators.
0	but she was fun on the set.
0	two roll back the recent fuel increases.
0	remember when donald trump made this promise?
0	schreiber says that translates into real money.
0	he is a mob expert at ganglandnews.
0	it's kind of like a pressure cooker.
0	some religious groups don't accept that theory.
0	we're joined today by professor ron walters.
0	what kind of deadline do you suggest?
0	debbie elliott npr news columbia south carolina.
0	and i want to tell about it.
0	it's already been done in tempe ariz.
0	i'm for a lot of these things.
0	these people are looking out the window.
0	so the trend they see is positive.
0	the worst year was five years ago.
0	what do you make of those results?
0	i also have been a police officer.
0	when you look at my block right?
0	let's just get that fact out there.
0	folsom was built to hold 1,800 inmates.
0	and then he asks me a question.
0	wayne slater thanks very much as always.
0	does he mention that in the report?
0	before i started participating i didn't write.
0	students can opt out of harder courses.
0	no more of this three knocks stuff.
0	and that's how he left new york.
0	here's nypd chief of department terence monahan.
0	she brings it up on her laptop.
0	you think he made the right call?
0	yeah i do it for fun now.
0	and i thought that was pretty funny.
0	modern african music is commonly called afro-pop.
0	and eventually all the hospitals signed on.
0	and they do engage in such activity.
0	and it pretty well consumed the pericardium.
0	what makes it so important for you?
0	so why does all of this matter?
0	as far as we know there isn't.
0	but ok i'm not ok baby animal.
0	you literally threw up in the bookstore?
0	jacob drake was 21 when he died.
0	it's called psychogenic non-epileptic seizures or pnes.
0	now we're told a number of things.
0	these guys put a lot into it.
0	the democrats are moving to the left.
0	but last week that peace was shattered.
0	here's how the chevron case came about.
0	i was telling husband about the house.
0	and i see the underbelly of medicine.
0	well this is your opportunity to help.
0	she rolled out 95 military endorsements today.
0	marshall allen of propublica thanks very much.
0	brian greene do you have an idea?
0	this is special coverage from npr news.
0	but they wouldn't allow us to stay.
0	addicted players are not good for business.
0	and it's clear for this generation too.
0	are you a republican by the way?
0	you know 'cause like you miss everything.
0	mark zuckerberg calls facebook a social utility.
0	that's not where we are right now.
0	it doesn't matter how minuscule it seems.
0	venus should've had a lot of water.
0	the founder and ceo is katrina lake.
0	or is that old news by now?
0	professor vandewalle thanks for being with us.
0	ben zimmer has also looked into this.
0	that is not the problem right now.
0	and that they   should share the blame.
0	here's valley public radio's ezra david romero.
0	it's unclear whether compass   resigned under pressure.
0	but here i am discovering it randomly.
0	and i was like this is perfect.
0	the poisoning of a russian spy yeah.
0	like yeah people are going to die.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	mark sanford cannot succeed himself he's term-limited.
0	we'll now hear from the opposing side.
0	and all of this happened to john.
0	i love the idea of the foundation.
0	round of golf round of applause good.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	like that was no small tiny commercial.
0	scott horsley is npr's white house correspondent.
0	this is julian calling from tucson arizona.
0	addis ababa is a town of cafes.
0	so it was kind of not planned.
0	i'm not going to kill myself today.
0	right then and there he just started.
0	and i spoke to teachers in tennessee.
0	today our guest is i. king jordan.
0	i'm all the way to oklahoma city.
0	blake welcome to talk of the nation.
0	bleaching itself isn't devastating to a reef.
0	people no longer say car and here.
0	npr's wendy kaufman checks out the craze.
0	he's a tomato farmer in steele alabama.
0	ariel sharon will lie in state tomorrow.
0	it does want to melt your spacecraft.
0	a lot of them would have color.
0	and it has a very peculiar smell.
0	they're going to be drinking infected water.
0	he's prided himself on being very hawkish.
0	i am not a massive mars fan.
0	the headline referred to an alberta boomtown.
0	no no no. i this won't hurt.
0	they're living with more vulnerable family members.
0	and   that's been operating on reduced capacity.
0	so you can easily ignore a trick-or-treater.
0	is it possible for that to happen?
0	you're running the caucus in your precinct?
0	it was creation of an independent group.
0	she could do anything in an office.
0	what appears to have made the difference?
0	welcome back to science friday dr. morse.
0	i mean this thing was a hit.
0	apparently he converted to just about everything.
0	we know how intense that can be.
0	and the good airlines are doing that.
0	the amount of money committed was significant.
0	my next guest is a food inventor.
0	like we protect ourselves in that way.
0	play a little bit for us anjuli.
0	there's also a ross and a michael's.
0	and only about 11 percent name iran.
0	and this is not just michelangelo's problem.
0	so you know they pay guards less.
0	ex-wife lisa marie presley was there too.
0	there are republicans democrats and independents here.
0	this vote will make the rich richer.
0	so that's what's in it for me.
0	i mean they've had some difficult times.
0	so lots of good things to say.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's critical yeah with the tube pass.
0	i have a mother like this too.
0	he loves that elton's a great worker.
0	well thanks very much for the call.
0	new hampshire public radio's dan gorenstein reports.
0	i see both there lights and shadows.
0	two defeat the military forces of hezbollah.
0	she's just very very accepting and tolerant.
0	that it's critical to test the test.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	which i think is a fair observation.
0	glad that's not going to happen again.
0	i've got three of them in mind.
0	mr. medina joins us now from miami.
0	this is sticky rice or glutinous rice.
0	you currently hold the patent for it.
0	that is a wrap on this today.
0	it's on every table han or mongol.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	well at least we've learned this much.
0	i'm going to give you some categories.
0	and it is a total grab bag.
0	unless of course it's all a con.
0	this is breaking a lot of rules.
0	little is a bioethicist at georgetown university.
0	lourdes' mother patricia thinks strollers are ridiculous.
0	a couple of times maybe you know.
0	i think that that's really quite unquestionable.
0	but it's going to take a while.
0	parchman penitentiary the 20,000-acre penal farm 1968.
0	they were actually washing away the evidence.
0	this act is about men enforcing rules.
0	jim green runs planetary science at nasa.
0	well the employer sanctions were never enforced.
0	and my helmet had more paint marks.
0	april thanks very much for the call.
0	a few men stayed up to talk.
0	what were the actions that were taken?
0	no one seems to be tracking it.
0	that's the loudest one i got too.
0	the president left the work to them.
0	too much rain is bad for business.
0	take the words out of my mouth.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i thought it was going to happen.
0	so seriously yes fungi can have sex.
0	it's a pleasure to be here joe.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	we're going to take some calls now.
0	what would be unacceptable in a renegotiation?
0	just once but it wrecked absolutely everything.
0	the democratic leaders agreed to do so.
0	cross out several letters in its name.
0	our office is about five minutes away.
0	ok why'd you print that one out?
0	well we'll have to see of course.
0	so i remember- i remember that week.
0	i became pregnant when i was 16.
0	you're going to work where we work?
0	and sometimes it's sad because they're gang-bangers.
0	and those offered a low-calorie first course?
0	and we have more from nancy mullane.
0	there were people who needed medical attention.
0	we had lived to see another day.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	that's when the shots started ringing out.
0	we'll be back after a short break.
0	we won't be like the democrat side.
0	the guy said no i'm a christian.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	used to be a mine over here.
0	let's play an example of those notes.
0	you're faithful very faithful to the song.
0	yeah it was until you got caught.
0	jeff thanks very much for the call.
0	now a lot of criticism of fema.
0	darwin married his first cousin emma wedgwood.
0	is that the situation in a nutshell?
0	it was announced by the court clerk.
0	and that's what we're seeing as always.
0	they'd been trying to get to work.
0	he said well that's considered a cartilage.
0	this year it hovers near 15 percent.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is round seven of three-minute fiction.
0	the only thing left is conventional war.
0	and i give you i give you.
0	something you might hear on the radio.
0	this is the last part of life.
0	so they said not 4,000 anymore 3,250.
0	and rena tolson is from columbia md.
0	don ritchie is there a master planner?
0	any indications what lawmakers might do next?
0	any idea how many meals a day?
0	and it only gets better from here.
0	he is against what we are about.
0	right now the numbers have basically settled.
0	so i think there's good historical precedent.
0	y'all voted in rowlf in fifth place.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	she lost both her legs in iraq.
0	peter with us from wichita in kansas.
0	and people were like do the book.
0	that will be probably an overlying proposition.
0	well in a word they were shocked.
0	one more bonus round question or topic.
0	sheila thanks very much for the call.
0	they don't forget where they come from.
0	is it the same for african-american women?
0	i'm for people who need justice everywhere.
0	what do you think about those issues?
0	they can sign agreements and violate it.
0	so let's start with south korea right?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it's really bright to mimic the sun.
0	i've enjoyed and watched many of them.
0	currently bellevue can't handle serious traumatic injuries.
0	all night it was in my mind.
0	my mind was good that's one thing.
0	he likens the frequent shelling to pingpong.
0	you guys are going to love this.
0	so they wait for the first one.
0	i'm not going to do this twice.
0	he is frustrated by the blackout rule.
0	they blend and flow and change positions.
0	we had you on talking about it.
0	and so their report is basically hearsay.
0	here's another way of putting the question.
0	thank you and good luck to you.
0	npr's lourdes garcia-navarro filed this audio   postcard.
0	they knew exactly what they were doing.
0	and ooh i forgot to tell you.
0	is it the pacific or the atlantic?
0	they're grown men making grown men's decisions.
0	i've met with the leaders multiple times.
0	that's what they're going to be taught.
0	how many people sell that monitor now?
0	i had mixed feelings reading about it.
0	you had it right the first time.
0	but this pandemic wasn't a total surprise.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	can't hear a kid breathe like this.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	and he was gracious enough to agree.
0	do you see that as a possibility?
0	y'all got machines that were flipping votes.
0	i'm jacki lyden in for guy raz.
0	we would be seriously stuffed without them.
0	ok marine biologists we see you see.
0	what is a fact is the law.
0	she joins us here in studio 3a.
0	and so the congress is really important.
0	i am her conduit to the world.
0	but is this kind of criticism inappropriate?
0	he is going to destroy this country.
0	that was more than five years ago.
0	we've got another caller on the line.
0	the mayor is disagreeing with this though.
0	and there was a real similar pattern.
0	mr. coy is economics editor for businessweek.
0	now a tip to make you smile.
0	there's a mix of fear and defiance.
0	the prevalence had fallen by a quarter.
0	but this is quite a gentle taste.
0	i have lost relationships because of this.
0	i think you meant any less puritanical.
0	what are some of those blind spots?
0	but this child was even feeling worse.
0	those chemical reactions could be generating heat.
0	it was asked by the appeals courts.
0	so there's got to be some incentive.
0	from earth it looks tiny and cold.
0	what is there to apologize for honestly?
0	get her on dancing with the stars.
0	they didn't even give him a fine.
0	president karzai is not an elected president.
0	gordon pinsent's grant is gruff and bearish.
0	let's go to dick in hopkington massachusetts.
0	and this was something on my mind.
0	you get to see their relationship grow.
0	is that something different going on there?
0	riyad i had a question for you.
0	and that's why we met first time.
0	well i'll be honest with you joel.
0	the wife was imprisoned in a camp.
0	she didn't think that much of it.
0	do you remember when you first heard?
0	there's a lot of self-sacrifice that happens.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	i couldn't see well enough to drive.
0	and we need to be good neighbors.
0	again rachel thomas with doctors without borders.
0	john bertolt is a cuba trade skeptic.
0	of course millions watched it on tv.
0	last night i had so many thoughts.
0	and different people will remember different michaels.
0	they have a leather jacket winter jacket.
0	but it also excludes the truly advantaged.
0	they   got off to a great start.
0	i feel quite vindicated in my judgment.
0	now the big question here is china.
0	in college cindy came out as gay.
0	sort of a tiki theme back there.
0	nearly 2,000 homes and buildings are destroyed.
0	it has never been a warm city.
0	three spectators were killed hundreds more injured.
0	we have just the opposite with democrats.
0	it would be sold as a medicine.
0	what details do you have about that?
0	which is kind of more technical right?
0	campos has two more quarters at ucla.
0	almost immediately he was shot and died.
0	they usually have very little uni inside.
0	they pay off their cards every month.
0	dr. reid good to talk to you.
0	it was the end of the day.
0	what kind of counseling did you give?
0	you know it doesn't make any sense.
0	but just see me as a person.
0	a minute later it was on board.
0	there were lots of things being painted.
0	and that's a very unusual thing today.
0	and he didn't have a shirt on.
0	but among politifact's skeptics count ramesh ponnuru.
0	there are short bushes and tall trees.
0	so baratunde let me start with you.
0	and each record is a must hear.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so that's the first thing you hear.
0	fear motivates people a lot in politics.
0	i explored other particularly african cultural arts.
0	in his view john mccain's no maverick.
0	but rand paul said this on msnbc.
0	hi let's go to chris   in minneapolis.
0	you know it's kind of like dominoes.
0	you can read his blog at jamesfallows.
0	they have the right to first pick.
0	yeah because it's a really key ecosystem.
0	i'm working like i'm 20 points behind.
0	did you ever get your question answered?
0	now you're getting a more balanced view.
0	mr. mcdonald joins us from npr west.
0	well that's where the elephants come in.
0	in 2008 michigan got into the game.
0	from mccann's perspective the opioids were working.
0	mr. phillip people pay for this service.
0	and i noticed a new one today.
0	david welcome back and happy new year.
0	i have to take care of that.
0	and   so it essentially awaited his successor.
0	j vaccine to watch out for symptoms.
0	oh thank you for having me on.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i'm active in the democratic party   here.
0	what do you make of those comments?
0	in this case the bacteria were anthrax.
0	and those are important factors as well.
0	who should be able to use it?
0	and she said so who was he?
0	they said the plaque was too militant.
0	should he choose her as a vp?
0	that's senate majority leader mitch mcconnell there.
0	no my brother's now 18 years old.
0	his father had a fourth grade education.
0	sniffing at each other down the hall.
0	very this is really a fascinating book.
0	and now they hear what he's saying.
0	and then charges could flow from that.
0	how are you going to be successful?
0	sp that would be your grandfather's generation?
0	those countries were buyers of iranian oil.
0	third-party meaning cheaper or somebody else's anyway.
0	nice to have you on the show.
0	and we   can do that very quickly.
0	the mosquitoes of course are already in.
0	there's a coup under way in honduras.
0	somehow it became known as the swoosh.
0	and what's the latest in the case?
0	what does that do to a society?
0	what did he have to say there?
0	and i don't want to lose this.
0	no we didn't think of that one.
0	did he direct others to do it?
0	women have started to emerge from this.
0	i mean i was a hillary person.
0	her new memoir is called broken horses.
0	professors across the country are assigning e-books.
0	and yet we've been trying 2001- 2001!
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	in 1966 he was visiting south africa.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	i look at my mother and father.
0	i first of all what's a monarch?
0	and cheryl was very kind to me.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	in fact there's a group   called www.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i wanted to ask you adil shamoo.
0	so why is abc family doing this?
0	now uncle borach is which person here?
0	could his opposition actually impede a deal?
0	university of texas political scientist james lindsay.
0	i mean that's what you said before.
0	i can't picture that being the case.
0	but yes certainly it's for muslims only.
0	stay with us this is npr news.
0	i hated saddam with all my heart.
0	it's just unclear what's going to happen.
0	rochelle welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and it's going to take a day.
0	so far it's so good for me.
0	and i've been so blessed and privileged.
0	and it now complies with the law.
0	now with lending club's fall from grace.
0	coral reefs are sensitive to rising temperatures.
0	i'm really glad to bring you here.
0	the labor shortage is squeezing small businesses.
0	and then of course there's the president.
0	greg mills welcome to day to day.
0	thanks so much for joining us ken.
0	that's what i was going to say.
0	fictional place beautiful island paradise bountiful vibrant.
0	romney won an easy victory in arizona.
0	in what area did you see that?
0	so you take somebody like elon musk.
0	battling prejudice and ignorance has been hard.
0	it's a two-story house still under construction.
0	daudi were directs a project called uchaguzi.
0	so it's like the whole guardianship issue.
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	she was on the olympic team gymnastics.
0	the miami herald report found 60 victims.
0	i think they're all driven by passion.
0	and i think the storm proved it.
0	and so i jumped into the street.
0	it's about their political perspectives being accepted.
0	you don't see any cranes on buildings.
0	so is that a gamble for him?
0	and in fact many laws were passed.
0	that was good listen to that album.
0	well i certainly think it can't hurt.
0	and these are remote little fishing islands.
0	so it's judgment that seems to me.
0	to write us just log onto npr.
0	speaking in mandarin as she turned away.
0	we don't want to upset the republicans.
0	and his body language indicates he's uncomfortable.
0	who goes to the dentist for fun?
0	it's plainly illegal and that's what matters.
0	but can experience ever have a downside?
0	yes i think that people here definitely.
0	this has been studied across many fields.
0	dad made our christmases very very special.
0	but that was a very gracious op-ed.
0	i think i actually did do that.
0	ok i'm going to go this way.
0	i think it was more than that.
0	for me it's a very creepy moment.
0	that comes with its own environmental problems.
0	i think ok something maybe will happen.
0	i mean the roadsides are just packed.
0	of course i'm not comfortable with it.
0	the sec didn't pursue it any further.
0	nick drakides and laraine goodman are neighbors.
0	and lisa teasley lives in los angeles.
0	and they played it one more time.
0	and i think it was mostly luck.
0	burn victims are especially difficult to treat.
0	here he is in this fifth video.
0	and i was very moved by that.
0	the stuff that is in their textbook.
0	is the us providing funds for   candidates?
0	and i had rashes on my head.
0	i mean and what we're talking about.
0	the novice nurse did not do that.
0	tell us how that affected the party.
0	i'm not happy about what they do.
0	her new memoir is called broken horses.
0	it is the place he calls home.
0	there's a lot of energy and excitement.
0	i mean what's the political calculus there?
0	and so you know erykah badu and.
0	it is it can be a career-killer.
0	and who were you 25 years ago?
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	they've lost over a dozen senate seats.
0	corcoran is at a loss for words.
0	i have to agree with that wholeheartedly.
0	but let's say i don't want that.
0	his family gave him a german name.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we knew that was going to happen.
0	that's steve zeitchik of the la times.
0	it's the eu that makes our decisions.
0	it made perfect sense at the time.
0	at 20 lemmer is a business veteran.
0	now add global warming to the mix.
0	of course they lost 49 other states.
0	i was looking for how i live.
0	that was hitting me right around 18.
0	and it's quite an event to see.
0	you read it perfectly without your glasses.
0	so we've got about 15 seconds left.
0	should is that some bowing to radicals?
0	you've spoken with people who know him.
0	don't ask me about anything i did.
0	it's very much just like the campaign.
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	alex maybe you've heard of rainbow parties?
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	this interestingly can be contrasted with europe.
0	cue a couple of days behind bars.
0	debbie elliott npr news orange beach alabama.
0	and i had been reading about tsali.
0	and i wasn't willing to do that.
0	well douglas i appreciate your coming on.
0	i almost feel sorry for the guy.
0	i remember the first day meeting her.
0	this debate is his first real scrutiny.
0	all right we're going to sign off.
0	i just wanted to ask go ahead.
0	i'm a fan of a football team.
0	the fistic world was dull and weary.
0	well zero decibels is not perfect silence.
0	and those haven't been the only complaints.
0	thats all just made-up history and fictitious.
0	and it was quickly embraced by africans.
0	and david remind us who they are.
0	david schweikert is from arizona's 5th district.
0	and then it all starts falling apart.
0	we call it the 101 slow jam.
0	ernest groening came from way from switzerland.
0	and surprisingly israel and jordan actually agree.
0	well i began my series in nashville.
0	i made many mistakes in my life.
0	so i have one more year left.
0	he is getting a lot of attention.
0	it was an unsafe unproductive learning environment.
0	npr's corey flintoff reports from new delhi.
0	he didn't even know he had it.
0	most of his snacks consist of fruits.
0	meantime the incumbent insists he's going nowhere.
0	they built the new african union headquarters.
0	you know it didn't exist back then.
0	his group has actually looked at this.
0	what was it like to hide that?
0	and you're like how'd you do that?
0	lissu calls last week's election a travesty.
0	i'll have an order of the birria.
0	we will not house spy planes there.
0	no. one identical study was flat-out negative.
0	but they're with me all the time.
0	surf over to our website it's sciencefriday.
0	now nobody's allowed out of their towns.
0	of course we're scared says another tibetan.
0	he's put some into the presidential campaign.
0	i mean what happens to them here?
0	or is it typically an equal exchange?
0	well let's start with what it is.
0	they're hoping consolidation can improve their business.
0	i said how many did you take?
0	it will go to the dot-com information.
0	there have been some big terrorist bombings.
0	david what do you make of this?
0	well i don't have that much money.
0	diabetes is more prevalent if you're homeless.
0	keep trash away from your water source.
0	mr. ayers on most days calls me.
0	can you tell me what happened there?
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	i mean specifically what's going to happen?
0	but wednesday changed everything in my view.
0	we continue to get bigger and bigger.
0	i spoke earlier with a zimbabwean journalist.
0	like when i say he sounds angry.
0	this is in regards to the recount.
0	well it all feels sort of normal.
0	let's hear from law in new york.
0	mike does your son get enough exercise?
0	in southern california today a rare tragedy.
0	no. i raised her totally totally different.
0	i want to start with anthony christianson.
0	eventually he may not have a choice.
0	the weezer snuggie keeps you totally warm.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	money to spend higher demand got it.
0	if you cross them you are out.
0	he's with the auto data company edmunds.
0	we've become the natural party of government.
0	hi you're on talk of the nation.
0	blood comes pouring out of their eyes.
0	and it was a very important moment.
0	marybeth seitz-brown is with the group safer.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	but we'll have to see about that.
0	keep going until you're told not to.
0	but she's very polarizing especially in minnesota.
0	but days passed and litvinenko's condition worsened.
0	he says his jaw hit the floor.
0	you're all there for a common bond.
0	these are people who live the we.
0	tom covered michele bachmann for a decade.
0	everything would go to the republican candidate.
0	we do know what our objective is.
0	and we've talked to the biden campaign.
0	i mean this is sort of half-serious.
0	so we're going to keep on going.
0	he could still do quite a bit.
0	she co-authored a hilarious piece on vox.
0	what's lacking is any adequate blood flow.
0	golden we have we have been there.
0	and then that comes into the computer.
0	and i print on silk as well.
0	first name of israel's diane or ahrens.
0	vaccine supplies are not a problem here.
0	i think that it's happening very slowly.
0	he's advised the pentagon on it since.
0	they just have a house set up.
0	i'm being positive for the new year.
0	you should try our wine our salami.
0	you cannot win without the latino vote.
0	and she thinks it's just the beginning.
0	i'm just tied down to the wall.
0	what about the rest of the team?
0	frankly it depends on what russia wants.
0	and there are many layers to it.
0	but in fact she's still in jail.
0	would it have been a big thing?
0	let's start with defense secretary mark esper.
0	can i ask how old you are?
0	there isn't any higher level of integrity.
0	but there are plenty of potential pitfalls.
0	north korean spokesmen are sending conflicting messages.
0	i didn't want to lose my job.
0	well that time i went to jail.
0	you helped people who didn't have homes.
0	it's a pleasure to have you back.
0	and i asked some sergeants about this.
0	it just says jim gerlach our congressman.
0	this is also a television production facility.
0	from member station kpcc sanden totten reports.
0	the pfizer vaccine is a minus 80.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the portland trailblazers have the first pick.
0	and they said anybody could do it.
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	and joining us now is clark gellings.
0	no not as much as we'd like.
0	why would you be surprised by it?
0	there is also concern we mentioned iraq.
0	he's here in our new york studios.
0	republicans lost your trust and rightly so.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	bob mondello what did you bring now?
0	and they have various ideas about that.
0	well it is a very satisfying feeling.
0	shots rang out and sterling was killed.
0	now his sentence is not happened yet.
0	it wasn't until after getting her ph.
0	we reached him via skype in harare.
0	in 2008 he said he regretted it.
0	this how people thought they were doing.
0	i mean the white house seemed pleased.
0	mitch thanks very much for the call.
0	that was when they took over kuwait.
0	dan schorr covered that campaign in 1856.
0	others have argued it's all about culture.
0	but we aren't exclusively talking about downtowns.
0	at this point that's not an option.
0	you know a lot of people there.
0	what exists of the task force now?
0	i think that has now been sealed.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	he's the only one who can influence.
0	what's the worst one that you researched?
0	did you ever ask to be traded?
0	that's what the bridge is there for.
0	i know the sums are really different.
0	so the government says this hasn't happened.
0	do some want to stay in mexico?
0	it's the surge in numbers of cases.
0	and stayed the same good or bad?
0	there's no foolproof way to do it.
0	have you ever done michelle obama's hair?
0	you are an actor by this time.
0	from npr news this all things considered.
0	the constitution lays it out pretty clearly.
0	we were exercising our first amendment rights.
0	they are now up 147 basis points.
0	other plans are planning to sing along.
0	be strong and run on your thing.
0	and thank you for having me back.
0	stephen ohlemacher thanks very much and congratulations.
0	it's great to have you here audie.
0	and the other half got the vaccine.
0	vin crosby is an online media consultant.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	they don't want to see citizenship weaponized.
0	today we've had our second rate change.
0	shelly with us from sacramento in california.
0	we'll probably end up with maybe 52.
0	it could be a matter of cost.
0	and let's get rachel on the line.
0	that could slow progress toward herd immunity.
0	martha is with us from tucson arizona.
0	avla thanks so much for the call.
0	they really look at everything you're doing.
0	they say that trump incited the mob.
0	their muzzles and floppy ears are black.
0	how do republicans start to address this?
0	so she goes on trial for murder.
0	his new album is called strawberry mansion.
0	is it risks to the whole ecosystem?
0	and we'll see you all next week.
0	so we're transforming life of that cell.
0	and what did you tell your mom?
0	so he got help went to rehab.
0	well all insects that's a great question.
0	americans are divided including on foreign policy.
0	bad situation and no reason for it.
0	and these two words are unrelated etymologically.
0	and they're incredibly impressive sort of people.
0	oh i'll give you this one: schmaltz.
0	gives you the spirit to go on.
0	caroline thanks very much for the call.
0	tom ricks isn't so sure it will.
0	linda thanks very much for the nomination.
0	as an attorney i was greatly offended.
0	i think there's no question about that.
0	she joins us now from new york.
0	everybody needs to be a good neighbor.
0	i think that i know myself better.
0	beneath that you can see right dovermuseum.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	but it has not issued a corrective.
0	but things are trending in biden's direction.
0	many republicans have said that was premature.
0	i'm not going to tell them anything.
0	pesano says it was a team effort.
0	but at the time there hadn't been.
0	given all that is franchising worth it?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	back in d.c. he's in a relationship.
0	i'll try to give it to you.
0	you also call her a brain sucker.
0	the two gases are actually fairly similar.
0	would you consider this a positive step?
0	oil and birds too close for comfort.
0	rob thanks very much for the call.
0	michael young thank you for joining us.
0	it's becoming harder to find a job.
0	yeah people would still like to know.
0	the wirthlins complained to their son's school.
0	and he gave that very defiant speech.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	well first of all it happened right?
0	you are going to be kofi annan?
0	salmonella he says can come from anywhere.
0	megan first help us out a little.
0	the president may announce a new approach.
0	so no it doesn't change at all.
0	but sort of the basics are this.
0	the achuar believe it's because of oil.
0	what are the expectations for that meeting?
0	has aid started arriving in these communities?
0	that means small businesses are back too.
0	afd politicians also trivialized germany's nazi past.
0	yeah it used to be that whitehouse.
0	do you want to sell your place?
0	and it changed noticeably during march madness?
0	make sure you're on the same page.
0	the death toll keeps on climbing meanwhile.
0	thanks very much for the call reilly.
0	nice of you to join us today.
0	there are high stakes for the public.
0	we'll talk about that in a moment.
0	scott it's good to talk with you.
0	where does he stand on this deal?
0	fertility apps are just in their infancy.
0	they move those things around a lot.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	try to see him once a month.
0	which brings us back to dell tory.
0	well that was something of a surprise.
0	they were afraid to sleep at night.
0	are you still in contact with rajuma?
0	tell us a little bit about her.
0	then in july daniella caught a break.
0	thanks for inviting me onto your program.
0	could be but i don't think so.
0	i could see some of that happening.
0	best of luck to you mr. lagreco.
0	well look karl rove is karl rove.
0	and now bill cosby is in prison.
0	it was joe exotic the tiger king.
0	the rich will take care of themselves.
0	i heard this from older men too.
0	and her doctor considered it kidney disease.
0	well brexit is nothing if not unpredictable.
0	i mean which loopholes do you close?
0	and nadine gartner is with us now.
0	where does the name lillyanna come from?
0	and i have no pride about that.
0	kelly thanks very much for the call.
0	she put a scarf around her head.
0	i want to be happy happy inside.
0	as congress' investigation continued gonzales' troubles intensified.
0	and they actually said yeah they do.
0	we apologize for our technical difficulties earlier.
0	then where are we going to go?
0	you know i got hit with ied.
0	he called the trial racist and sexist.
0	thanks so much for chatting with us.
0	i'm so i always use this example.
0	this is actually her first cubesat mission.
0	that's how the health care system works.
0	sparta then becomes preeminent destroyed by epaminondas.
0	and some companies say they are trying.
0	one is directly related to the segment.
0	that's a lot of walking isn't it?
0	in that approach charlene's in good company.
0	he didn't go there in this case.
0	this year ipad sales alone nearly quadrupled.
0	okay so you're about 60 years old.
0	please disregard the comments you just heard.
0	and he was not alone in this.
0	but there's also 2u and a 3u.
0	so thank you for your topic today.
0	well you know it's hard to say.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	i'm jumpin' jack flash it's a gas!
0	tell us what you think at 800-989-8255.
0	blake farmer of member station wpln reports.
0	no. they just have to be no.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	thank you very much for your call.
0	and it's never more so than then.
0	so that's what's created all the hubbub.
0	watching her cry on television saddened us.
0	so it was very interesting growing up.
0	you can find it on the map.
0	he's taken a job at cisco systems.
0	she'll be making nearly $70,000 a year.
0	i put a $4,500 engine in it.
0	her major is industrial and systems engineering.
0	sparta was the traditional bulwark of hellas.
0	and you can comment on our blog.
0	we are scheduled from like 7:30 a.m.
0	this is the indicator from planet money.
0	and then certainly set the right expectations.
0	do you think it's a double-edged sword?
0	that's a large chunk of their time.
0	he should not be behaving this way.
0	support for tapered lights made of wax.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	me coming to america and learning why.
0	it's not simple to develop new antibiotics.
0	and here's hillary and bill clinton sopranos-style.
0	oh thank you so much for that.
0	ward ended up as the game's mvp.
0	even dollar of my income gets taxed.
0	chris thanks very much for the call.
0	so there's quite little vaccine hesitancy here.
0	and there's nothing wrong with that process.
0	so that was not a dnc rule.
0	you kept taking classes paying for classes.
0	that's bissan fakih with the syria campaign.
0	so he looks at how they move.
0	the site can accommodate maybe 20,000 people.
0	most of the spending cuts are temporary.
0	and so i really don't do that.
0	talk of the nation from npr news.
0	that's 43-year-old scott novis founder of gametruck.
0	well you know i loved this film.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	we're not quite sure who it is.
0	which in kalenjin country is pretty fast.
0	people here are accustomed to periodic eruptions.
0	we want some room for willpower or.
0	there was torture the kidnapping of children.
0	lauren's tumor leaves her disoriented during play.
0	he ended up getting 30 days and.
0	how has it affected your daily life?
0	honestly i don't think that we know.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	actually record turnouts even for early voting.
0	he leaves behind a wife and son.
0	and there's russia itself across the water.
0	so there you go a teachable moment.
0	jeffrey lennox is a leading aids researcher.
0	not all of the neighborhood's residents left.
0	they're not interested in a two-state solution.
0	so that means firing up the propane.
0	there was a tremendous amount of crime.
0	neither one of them are particularly popular.
0	there is no sign though that's happening.
0	those tastes really complement each other honestly.
0	good morning and thank you very much.
0	let's talk about the actual russian strategy.
0	he is the ceo of dezenhall resources.
0	it almost resembles a pre-hispanic aztec warrior.
0	and you live in the woods yourself.
0	tomorrow well there'll be another program tomorrow.
0	he died yesterday at a phoenix hospital.
0	and especially adults weren't safe for me.
0	well it's always a combination of both.
0	tamara keith npr news des moines iowa.
0	the energy issues aren't being dealt with.
0	we'll let you get back to work.
0	let's take a look at that quickly.
0	nothing to fear but the flu itself.
0	i think that indiana has neglected veterans.
0	he joined us from wbur in boston.
0	that's only about 0.1% of all cases.
0	they didn't know that they were gay.
0	you know they would assume there was.
0	this was essentially the old president's approach.
0	evan osnos welcome back to fresh air.
0	the poison was easy to get it.
0	hordes of people descended on the farm.
0	well how does the brain do that?
0	david lerner is one of the co-founders.
0	and why did it fail senator simpson?
0	and that to me is just reprehensible.
0	well stanley is my hero you know.
0	michael steele dropped out after four ballots.
0	he put out a video this morning.
0	and we need to set this right.
0	but eventually they did and i froze.
0	and we won't be beaten by it.
0	i mean how are the states doing?
0	hanging by a thread is the word.
0	diane daniels is from azusa world ministries.
0	so youth are attacked women are attacked.
0	desjarlais says he first got involved saturday.
0	i understand you spoke with them too.
0	hi there ivy you're on the air.
0	i myself am a little more realistic.
0	can he simply say no without penalty?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i was doing a promotion for sounder.
0	he created the department of homeland security.
0	but think of it more like this.
0	for npr news this is rhitu chatterjee.
0	i sucked my fingers for 12 years.
0	well interestingly the market bounced back today.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	why were they still in the city?
0	and we were both doing this simultaneously.
0	our grandfather we built our own houses.
0	women couldn't go to school or work.
0	you hear that kind of a debate.
0	please don't hesitate to call this number.
0	allison's with us from tulare in california.
0	after tomorrow no more work until july.
0	well let's go to jackie in pueblo.
0	is it simply a matter of resources?
0	you infect the plant in one site.
0	you had no idea this was coming?
0	what are its prospects in the house?
0	i've lived a life in that regard.
0	a bit of an election surprise conceivably.
0	it really is a lot of training.
0	retention in grade is a bad choice.
0	well nothing the   lawyers can't work out.
0	let's say you have a $100,000 home.
0	the spider was in an enclosed terrarium.
0	so they've been studied for a decade.
0	are there places that are doing better?
0	and let's get william on the line.
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	i know chicago is a little different.
0	we have a couple of emails here.
0	all right sara thanks for the call.
0	and nobody had an issue with it.
0	well most cab drivers don't use it.
0	karen welcome to talk of the nation.
0	that's what this country needs right now.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	npr's andrea seabrook thank you so much.
0	jim buzinski is the co-founder of outsports.
0	joining us is john dimsdale from marketplace.
0	c14 is a radioactive form of carbon.
0	then i said oh wait a minute.
0	she i lost her some years ago.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	i mean is it difficult to administer?
0	well lynya great to talk to you.
0	for arachnophobes the fear is more intense.
0	and monday he officially left the team.
0	the leading vendor is ten thousand villages.
0	lou thanks very much for the call.
0	they track the path of these helicopters.
0	am i going to become a husband?
0	good to see both of you here.
0	from member station wnyc in new york.
0	it covers 43 miles along the coast.
0	so this is to be dad yeah.
0	it is just about everything right now.
0	i can only speak for myself ok?
0	and as you this is your choice.
0	so we have our colorblind conservatives right?
0	that brings us to takeaway no. 1.
0	but then there are students who didn't.
0	would you eat them in a box?
0	i don't know how to do this.
0	i was sent when i was 18.
0	that's the reverend william h. lamar iv.
0	tell me about your protagonist barlowe reed.
0	some people don't like meeting the public.
0	barack obama does not want a recount.
0	and the stories were just so gruesome.
0	sterilize your jar you're going to use.
0	all right our time has run out.
0	the filibuster today is silent but deadly.
0	they can drop them in with airplanes.
0	the decision is likely to be appealed.
0	how did tv respond to this moment?
0	it doesn't feel fake or put on.
0	was everybody on board when this started?
0	that doesn't mean you can't do anything.
0	here's an email from sean in hawaii.
0	who could say that we miss it?
0	so we haven't yet worked it out.
0	i don't like sites that are anything-goes.
0	he's the president of the united states.
0	hormone levels is that a good test?
0	i like it because i like it.
0	so but what did we stop doing?
0	let's get some callers on the line.
0	the teacher the people everybody's is good.
0	jeff's calling us from jacksonmichigan or   mississippi?
0	everyone knew pavarotti was coming to town.
0	it's not just cutting the state payroll.
0	and it has to do with this.
0	well what was your watch night message?
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	and those usually mean extending learning time.
0	crag with us from rochester new york.
0	and that served as a wakeup call.
0	you know in a way we did.
0	we've never got them off the ledgers.
0	everyone is required to dress in costume.
0	well the suspect was 52 years old.
0	and that difference can create some traffic.
0	so it just depends on what happens.
0	and the doctor saying oh you're right.
0	dr. yes in october he passed away.
0	so on that she's talked about that.
0	there was a change in the appearance.
0	i wanted to leave that out there.
0	well let's start with the worst first.
0	and can you give me an example?
0	it's mostly the enemy of my enemy.
0	that's what i would always recommend yeah.
0	it will mean 3 million jobs lost.
0	describe it for us a little bit.
0	does it make you think of anything?
0	we were doing it as a reading.
0	they come in vials with multiple doses.
0	and that sort of broke the spell.
0	the state is covered with eucalyptus groves.
0	here's   new hampshire public radio's dan gorenstein.
0	we're excited to get the process started.
0	everyone stops what they're doing and stares.
0	he's a democrat who voted for schwarzenegger.
0	is that what you're saying dr. huettel?
0	they called a stop to the rehearsal.
0	and this is science friday from npr.
0	glad to have you guys both back.
0	apted on whyy's fresh air in 2013.
0	the victim here is 17-year-old clarence japarde.
0	that values the company at $236 million.
0	well right but let's be honest here.
0	jeanne manford always supported her son morty.
0	michael bennet thanks for talking with us.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	like there was no legal or illegal.
0	well you know it's scary you know?
0	it would also create a guest-worker program.
0	he likens it to a war zone.
0	but bharucha says that could change overnight.
0	it is a communal sense of grief.
0	phil thanks very much for the call.
0	i wouldn't be doing this radio interview.
0	because we have to take a break.
0	here's jude joffe-block of member station kjzz.
0	that's the self-proclaimed isis capital in syria.
0	film critic kenneth turan has this review.
0	you speak from a rather hard experience.
0	but the fight is far from over.
0	we don't have diversity on the board.
0	she says putting choudary in jail helps.
0	and i get always chastised for it.
0	we're going to take another break here.
0	you know everything in life has risks.
0	i mean it's just a supplemental program.
0	what about others who are still believers?
0	and do you have a motorcycle shane?
0	to the french public that is shocking.
0	it's wonderful and thank you for it.
0	don thanks very much for the call.
0	i don't know if that's a factor.
0	illinois has three dozen of the statues.
0	you were going to say something sarah?
0	here's two questions for you bill rhoden.
0	most of our counties are rural counties.
0	pamuk's most recent novel is called snow.
0	i mean that's a very good question.
0	can obama overcome race if he's nominated?
0	it'll basically get rid of fix-it tickets.
0	they're the ones who messed up everything.
0	cadion says the whole situation is heartbreaking.
0	no. i took 35 classes in college.
0	all senior spring didn't get a job.
0	and i sat back and said look.
0	hope stockwell of montana public radio reports.
0	you can't rely on just one reading.
0	it's a tacit acknowledgment of national allegiance.
0	right now it's not much going on.
0	now remember there are two wisconsins here.
0	plumbers electricians carpentry air conditioning and roofers.
0	now not every show is a gem.
0	he's stalked reptiles on the crocodile hunter.
0	it also reflects a change in attitudes.
0	i can make life difficult for them.
0	kathleen thanks for writing to the ethicist.
0	so yeah i'm a little weirded-out sometimes.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	the new one around well new one.
0	the name you heard five seconds ago.
0	i'm not going to play that game.
0	you think there's a paradigm shift maybe?
0	how many more he would not say.
0	emily you want to weigh in here?
0	i can have a right to vote.
0	i rarely see this obeyed or enforced.
0	it was signed in kyoto in japan.
0	i mean that's you said you would.
0	it means people who receive food stamps.
0	i want to see impact right away.
0	where can you find bonobos in zoos?
0	what do you make of glenn beck?
0	i'm actually afraid for the country now.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	and i think that's a dangerous precedent.
0	germany's finance minister made this prediction today.
0	we need to take a break here.
0	and she kept saying you're not ready.
0	and her father found out what happened.
0	iraq not yet   ready for foreign investment.
0	they can still you know keep alive.
0	it includes a reference to the f-word.
0	and i'd like to thank our guests.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	that is netherlands prime minister mark rutte.
0	how do you think he will do?
0	and yes to a point it's true.
0	i'm not seeing a garage here though.
0	i'm a bit more conservative than that.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	well clearly this is an election season.
0	yeah it could go well beyond that.
0	well today we'll here from william easterly.
0	david thanks very much for the call.
0	you know many presidents have gotten it.
0	that's not exactly how it shook out.
0	sigourney weaver plays a key network executive.
0	he still does make really personal movies.
0	there's no way i can have it.
0	apparently these are all helping pritzker's campaign.
0	so it is truly a transformational approach.
0	and that   person is frans de waal.
0	no no. don't cost you nothing nothing.
0	he had always made really personal films.
0	well i can speak for new orleans.
0	wertheimer's question using evidence from the text.
0	i never had like a full thing.
0	and that's what really powerful about maps.
0	and of course what is a map?
0	we've used it here in this office.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	can you tell us about that one?
0	and there were two reasons for that.
0	and they're living in my neighborhood now.
0	you think i'm absolutely right or i'm.
0	well david isay thank you so much.
0	my wife is a part-time stay-at-home mom.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	that's the health plan for low-income people.
0	it's also where the donation money goes.
0	like if anything we need more troops.
0	and he expects dozens more likely coming.
0	she's not blaming anything about the military.
0	we'll be back in just a minute.
0	some people have very generous health-insurance plans.
0	that tends to get people quite annoyed.
0	did that come up at all today?
0	thank you very much for that tuesday.
0	well proof is in the pudding right?
0	but in terms of the gridlock look.
0	so george preston marshall died in 1969.
0	twenty-six people died and hundreds were injured.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	thanks for having me on the show.
0	eighteen veterans a day are killing themselves.
0	you left out another significant moment david.
0	what do you think those interests are?
0	how they change and to what effect?
0	what were the reasons for classifying it?
0	but you're saying it's still very important.
0	in fact we heard that refrain often.
0	i just i can't bring myself to.
0	they have to hold still to talk.
0	it's the nurse and the respiratory therapist.
0	and the paper refused to publish it.
0	well yeah it's not just the scandals.
0	one of those tornadoes slammed into tuscaloosa.
0	access has been our number one problem.
0	he joined on the line from cyprus.
0	i was the girlfriend of the dummies.
0	the answer the ad said is cash.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	you know it was just the neighborhood.
0	i think it's at an all-time high.
0	and now i'm going to follow you.
0	no no don't just fork it down.
0	moody says the main reason is price.
0	it does have a sense of history.
0	more importantly i began empathizing with julie.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	in latin america you don't see that.
0	he's been in office only since 2009.
0	elisabeth rosenthal thank you for being here.
0	we've been fighting this project for years.
0	and that's what makes them somewhat viable.
0	in the summer anthony babysat local kids.
0	that would be that's the aspirational goal.
0	and the stereotype is police eat donuts.
0	they simply don't have any marketable skills.
0	but her daily reality was growing dim.
0	she would never go under those circumstances.
0	he's here with me in the studio.
0	i do hope he does reconsider it.
0	oh well we're backward in everything else.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	but remember the research is just beginning.
0	she found islam when she was 13.
0	she worked for givenchy for several years.
0	that's what we would call work release.
0	and you were very close to him.
0	the experience is what tells them more.
0	well he was dodging that very fact.
0	that is quite a chunk of change.
0	we just had the one negative quarter.
0	the biopic advantage at the academy awards.
0	it's at the top of every page.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	that time more than 50 people died.
0	i was raised in the early '50s.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	now evolution is one of those ideas.
0	the country is the victim of hezbollah.
0	so thanks very much for calling us.
0	bill thanks very much for the call.
0	its people are still waiting for peace.
0	coming up evangelical leadership after jerry falwell.
0	here he is on al jazeera english.
0	but amazing things happen in the oven.
0	so he loses his post as speaker.
0	i've never had any complaints about it.
0	tree sections are stacked floor to ceiling.
0	you don't want to enter that debate?
0	i do feel there is a split.
0	well it looks in reasonably good shape.
0	you're at the pinnacle of michigan's democracy.
0	i also know i'm a harvard graduate.
0	the positives are still there as well.
0	do you have it scratch and sniff?
0	and that's part of the strategic framework.
0	yeah you're on the air go ahead.
0	she won a regular election in 2006.
0	i know you're a lee child fan.
0	it might happen at earliest at 2012.
0	riley takes a moment to compose himself.
0	how was it used during that time?
0	be it time you know money love.
0	people can check us out on bet.
0	i told her i'd be right back.
0	so we all have to take responsibility.
0	and what do you mean by that?
0	it's sometime taken as synonymous with story.
0	and i said hey this is fascinating.
0	administrators admit its not an easy process.
0	he said he shot fireworks toward soldiers.
0	and please don't buy it on bootleg.
0	i think that link was already severing.
0	we have to resolve that process too.
0	they want to be tougher on iran.
0	george with us from overland in kansas.
0	i believe that is likely the case.
0	he's the father of   her unborn child.
0	it included a list of important details.
0	it's causing a great amount of discomfort.
0	tash aw you were born in taiwan.
0	he's a very demanding very particular person.
0	but of course i believe in that.
0	he dreads having to lay off employees.
0	we only have time for one more.
0	well jerome and jimmy thanks so much.
0	i'm afraid a couple of us do.
0	some people are going to have it.
0	then there is the question of intelligence.
0	it's the same about mccain and huckabee.
0	well and you said feeding this narrative.
0	and every generation college gets more expensive.
0	that's just the way the business is.
0	they didn't want to do history films.
0	an all-volunteer commission oversees washington state parks.
0	and who do i have with me?
0	and there's something so romantic about that.
0	they still need a lot of help.
0	defense minister ya'alon thank you very much.
0	can rice talk through intermediaries to hezbollah?
0	but actual practices haven't changed too much.
0	visclosky has run for congress 13 times.
0	why is he keeping this ambiguity going?
0	i'm speaking of first lady melania trump.
0	not for young jack reynolds in denver.
0	i think it's about race and class.
0	thanks very much for coming in today.
0	so how did you decide on categories?
0	they look more like social networking sites.
0	and it's time to play the puzzle.
0	it's such a huge part of life.
0	he's actually got five personal gmail accounts.
0	some communities do offer advice about that.
0	that did get through the iowa house.
0	and he plays the piano and sings.
0	maybe he's lashing out for other reasons.
0	i'm talking about fed chief ben bernanke.
0	and dr. sasson let's start with you.
0	this is our google apps start page.
0	well please do take care of yourself.
0	that's why it's called an anchor bolt.
0	i need to cure myself with agua.
0	except to lay off thousands of people.
0	they the pvc pipe was buried underground.
0	i'm giving my soul to the mold.
0	in the audience some are taking notes.
0	dawn smith welcome to day to day.
0	alongside this cheese-making factory there's another one.
0	mr. reed thanks for being with us.
0	and i'm a huge baseball fan too.
0	the friend was allowed to go home.
0	i did not think about the risks.
0	some people believe it's an activist collective.
0	well in vienna people are extremely concerned.
0	i don't use the satellite per se.
0	now congress isn't ready to do that.
0	i really stay out of that process.
0	he was always leaning in that direction.
0	so they want essentially extra class time.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	to listen to this   show visit npr.
0	but the macho culture is deeply ingrained.
0	he did not however offer any details.
0	they kept me there and i had.
0	are we being asked to do enough?
0	her son is over   there mrs. charbull's.
0	a lot of buildings have been ruined.
0	he works for the national park service.
0	what member station do you listen to?
0	it will be worthy in the future.
0	she told nbc i am a lawyer.
0	so we'll just give it to you.
0	it wasn't just back in the 1920s.
0	hiv testing is a very specific test.
0	there could be a second referendum coming?
0	and so it's kind of a wait-and-see.
0	and it is the city's team right?
0	and tee still sends money back home.
0	allen is a law professor in brooklyn.
0	they knew it would lose he says.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	it's all the service industries: construction hospitality.
0	couldn't wait to tell us about it.
0	vocally supporting the hong kong pro-democracy protests.
0	what do you make of it harry?
0	but mali now is a divided nation.
0	the thing is it doesn't really matter.
0	leroy had a wonderful post about cancer.
0	i've got to do a break here.
0	you got to go for your run.
0	yeah it's a constant complaint   pretty much.
0	those are the people spending the money.
0	i hope it will never happen again.
0	when you say professionally how do you.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	and there are millions who need help.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	natalie is that what happened to you?
0	i didn't know a word of english.
0	and what was his or her reaction?
0	the kremlin fears that ukraine will separate.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	oh thank you very much mary louise.
0	well why would today be the day?
0	it's called the cost of relocations act.
0	talk about that difference if you can.
0	the u.s. considers it a terrorist group.
0	we've got a lightning round for you.
0	of course both of those are exaggerations.
0	but opponents of medical marijuana aren't convinced.
0	republicans want something closer to 500 billion.
0	that's npr blogger and astrophysicist adam frank.
0	i've never seen a breakdown that way.
0	could republicans be influencing the democratic race?
0	the company said there were legal concerns.
0	alaska's public radio network's annie feidt reports.
0	many of these have transpired on twitter.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	i think we've just become very complacent.
0	why do you thing that is john?
0	he joined us by telephone from london.
0	and that's probably always been the case.
0	i know how emotional this topic is.
0	it used to be with the russians.
0	do you see any evidence of that?
0	russia has suspended all flights to egypt.
0	bryan thank you for serving us breakfast.
0	from member station wcpn annie wu reports.
0	what is the pathway for that right?
0	so back to naomi the med student.
0	what can we expect this coming week?
0	that's not the end of the road.
0	good to have you on the program.
0	i'm going to be a sausage maker.
0	and so they have a big problem.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	isis has claimed responsibility for the attack.
0	and we access that about half way.
0	so they're especially interested in those candidates.
0	florida seminoles call themselves the unconquered people.
0	but you know their presence looms large.
0	thanks very much for the call judith.
0	was there like anything left to see?
0	sure when it rained they got wet.
0	he could have not promoted this bishop.
0	thank you for having me glen weldon.
0	this moment calls for healing and reconciliation.
0	i have very good news for you.
0	she's been making extremely rare public comments.
0	and doing things often on the fly.
0	last night i started thinking about this.
0	but there was no joy for iraqis.
0	that's what happened with the patriot act.
0	try to be a good proud mother.
0	and so you can't see the water.
0	that's npr's senior political editor ron elving.
0	i wasn't shooting exactly for an audience.
0	i think i might need reading glasses.
0	about 62 percent describe themselves as pro-life.
0	the black beast lighting up las vegas.
0	gary brattain thank you for joining us.
0	that's going to be difficult to do.
0	rochefort was not asleep at the switch.
0	and this time that'll be the democrats.
0	state representative julie parrish supported that bill.
0	elaine and john leinung of new york.
0	so maybe it's more about the elasticity.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	do you have you got the answer.
0	at that moment you'll be lying there.
0	next month the school year restarts nationwide.
0	they're still cleaning beaches and so on.
0	the patriot act didn't invent intelligence gathering.
0	and she moved into a first-floor apartment.
0	i mean this is like traumatizing right?
0	i wonder glenn reynolds do you agree?
0	well it's a little bit of both.
0	and he just   simply chose to retire.
0	i just want to say to rachel.
0	i don't mind that at all anymore.
0	you know he said there's a balance.
0	guntram wolff is an economist in brussels.
0	and how's it going to settle out?
0	arun always good to be with you.
0	reporter eleanor beardsley joins me from paris.
0	ed mayberry of houston public radio reports.
0	schools can also pick and choose elements.
0	you know not letting people come over.
0	npr's juan forero reports from bogota colombia.
0	jose he's kind of a fenway legend.
0	it's senator margaret chase smith of maine.
0	here's white house spokesperson raj shah yesterday.
0	it's whatever price they want to set.
0	i think he even had a pick.
0	he's traveling light as you might imagine.
0	and then i realized it wasn't real.
0	is it difficult to draw the line?
0	but i think we've found a balance.
0	the house was controlled by the democrats.
0	talking about it it's suddenly too much.
0	and lo and behold i'm disappointed again.
0	meg kasdan has an answer for them.
0	something like 1929 or something like that?
0	paul sannicandro is a certified maine guide.
0	what about options in paying off loans?
0	we have an actor reading them here.
0	they comfort each other when they're sick.
0	unemployment is down the economy's doing well.
0	what do you think about that ron?
0	fred bever from member station wbur reports.
0	debbie elliott npr news orange beach ala.
0	but we need to start with something.
0	khan spent three weeks at jps hospital.
0	jeff mason an opening thought from you.
0	paterson was once known as silk city.
0	i've found some really cool animal research.
0	women can look like the office mom.
0	and so we had a wonderful view.
0	they are not doing what they should.
0	and we just simply don't do that.
0	it's almost living paycheck to paycheck basically.
0	he says there's no money in art.
0	that's irvin nathan a longtime washington lawyer.
0	so there were all these incredible people.
0	and she just said i don't know.
0	and then she ran and she won.
0	and so we had a wonderful view.
0	yeah my mother is in them also.
0	and sean said they would just talk.
0	here's one of adel's messages to jonathan.
0	what exactly did he say about this?
0	let me say something about your remarks.
0	to flores it looked like a bra.
0	why does agnew want to do this?
0	well it does put pressure on me.
0	what made you think about investigating agnew?
0	and why are those both good things?
0	i'm a teacher 7th grade middle school.
0	it was just weird off the wall.
0	thank you for being with us today.
0	california's such a mesh of different cultures.
0	of course we're working on option three.
0	and that also means not killing people.
0	and the ball is in their court.
0	i'm more concerned as opposed to hopeful.
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	and really basketball was an extended family.
0	a group formed to save the hospital.
0	oh i just know it's not covid.
0	but sometimes even the subordinate dictates rules.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	so asma what are you watching for?
0	you're saying don't do that i imagine.
0	you're going to be walking under water.
0	well let's start with the jobs numbers.
0	melody with us from syracuse new york.
0	first how much have students fallen behind?
0	i think we do have the confidence.
0	the reconciliation process isn't an easy one.
0	that's about two hours south of orlando.
0	for disney this is all about streaming.
0	scott truitt joins us now from seattle.
0	galen thanks very much for the call.
0	we're on the air until 3 a.m.
0	are they trying to start up businesses?
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	so what does this mean for customers?
0	there will not be elbow room anywhere.
0	then she went outside of her office.
0	he won't sweat he has no glands.
0	all war is terribly punishing for civilians.
0	yes match point advantage point pressure point.
0	we did see an uptick in october.
0	just be able to change your mind.
0	you know we've had an interesting run.
0	so what happened when the pandemic started?
0	just put it in the comparative form.
0	but those it's interesting we could accept.
0	but the policy change is raising questions.
0	we're expecting to get more details today.
0	what are the other main differences though?
0	here's your next one brother in france.
0	and what put him in your mind?
0	that's what you're supposed to be applauding.
0	this is the indicator from planet money.
0	so british politics is in absolute turmoil.
0	do you think that's a fair criticism?
0	i mean the room was chock-a-block full.
0	hamid thanks very much for the call.
0	i think for some people it does.
0	but there is a problem for republicans.
0	i wanted to be like everyone else.
0	yeah but he doesn't really know how.
0	you don't seem very happy about that.
0	is there any end to her talent?
0	that's according to a british maritime organization.
0	have those big hitters followed this edict?
0	it just needs to change the conversation.
0	spring didn't get here until july 1st.
0	and maybe that's not a bad thing.
0	so edgar teamed up with who else?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we're pushing governments to reform their laws.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	similar spots feature teachers nurses and firefighters.
0	we are now living in another country.
0	the rough and tumble will likely intensify.
0	we're looking down to this small memorial.
0	that's not good and it's not safe.
0	tony as always the pleasure is mine.
0	every day you hear about businesses closing.
0	i'm still trying to figure it out.
0	would you like to play with toys?
0	people were advised to obey the law.
0	and i can i'm concerned about that.
0	pompeo announced another new policy last week.
0	the united states comes in about 15.
0	you know these people weren't being memorialized.
0	he's the man of the french team.
0	and competitive senate campaigns are really expensive.
0	we're in the middle of an earthquake.
0	he's 6 years old healthy and lively.
0	zidane worship can be upscale as well.
0	so it's sort of a vanilla dinosaur.
0	and then suddenly that job was gone.
0	most of the people are gone now.
0	a bee is a very complicated system.
0	twelve million people per week visit marineparents.
0	and he said what do you do?
0	and troops would be even more so.
0	act three based on a true story.
0	it was piled high with baby clothes.
0	our series is called crossing the divide.
0	incredibly david did confirm his father's story.
0	season's greetings to our friends and family.
0	it's a distracting move wrongheaded and pointless.
0	and jim's calling us from san francisco.
0	we also have one that he's staying.
0	bassma kodmani joins us now from paris.
0	george bush is a very unpopular president.
0	in a way it begs the metaphor.
0	he does not get his living honestly.
0	npr's frank langfitt joins us from london.
0	chickens are what we make of them.
0	it was like free parking for sheep.
0	there were angry letters in the newspaper.
0	i mean they're actually very dirty birds.
0	and he joins us from toronto canada.
0	i had so little life in me.
0	my next-door neighbor was on his motorcycle.
0	so that may be part of this.
0	you also write there's hardly any garbage.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	before the war you were poor malnourished.
0	we didn't do a lot of construction.
0	the grave's a shrine to lebanese nationalism.
0	here's npr national security correspondent david welna.
0	angie was riding up front with him.
0	people talk on facebook groups about it.
0	and that's according to commentator john carroll.
0	what does she want to escape from?
0	thanks neal it's nice to be here.
0	the rejection is a rite of passage.
0	it's not backed up by the science.
0	i just felt like- i don't know.
0	it'll show you exactly where you are.
0	it is not necessarily using gps technology.
0	and you know don was really helpful.
0	he's also kind of a moderate liberal.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	that's all we have to live by.
0	it was a margin of 263 votes.
0	oh there was somebody before after him.
0	the data don't suggest that we are.
0	so they can't really stop the water.
0	here's john mccain in green bay wisconsin.
0	ashley thanks very much for the call.
0	there were people cheering you know enormously.
0	bill gorman runs tv by the numbers.
0	as for iranian oil india needs it.
0	but it was too late for that.
0	i love wai'alae you know in maui.
0	but you know i am a realist.
0	i'm feeling i'm doing better with it.
0	you don't want to lose a pilot.
0	i think it adds a little value.
0	this year we got some economical problems.
0	and we got you   in the end.
0	they need some legislation to do that.
0	a small crowd had gathered to watch.
0	some just physically won't last much longer.
0	what is the opposite of a hypochondriac?
0	i didn't know what that line meant.
0	in fact it's very far northwestern china.
0	and you need to do them well.
0	you think this is all inside-the-beltway obsession.
0	and we're starting to see that happening.
0	one it's a pretty comfortable democratic seat.
0	valerie winestock good luck to you congratulations.
0	it was full of laughter amazing friendships.
0	they do bring some baggage ralph reed.
0	well mom must appreciate that i suppose.
0	day to day continues in just moment.
0	any notice or any opportunity to respond.
0	how could anyone actually rest like that?
0	dennis thanks very much for the call.
0	well he they create it every year.
0	i think he's a very sensitive person.
0	it had become completely easy between us.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	march 19 is also st. joseph's day.
0	so he's taking political risks as well.
0	and i had ski masks at home.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	he says he was worshiping false gods.
0	kudlow nodded and said that's our hope.
0	i never really wanted anything from them.
0	and then i began thinking about it.
0	it doesn't taste like cauliflower to me.
0	the constant interruption continued for 15 minutes.
0	honestly i don't understand all the equations.
0	you are a credit to interns everywhere.
0	the indictment came down october of 2005.
0	we talk every other week pretty much.
0	and we see it happening again today.
0	i usually never do anything with her.
0	it's very very easy to overuse segregation.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	she has by far the best one.
0	are you folks seeing anything like this?
0	the european central bank has gotten involved.
0	north country public radio's brian mann reports.
0	and it's the same kind of thing.
0	is this something of an awkward meeting?
0	i come from a background of singers.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it's like we can't abolish all pain.
0	well you can make it to treaschwig.
0	it's a neighborhood that is totally underwater.
0	so i am an animal rights advocate.
0	let's go to cincinnati ohio and meg.
0	what is that going to give you?
0	got approved no problem 6 percent interest.
0	i mean she had said this before?
0	so it's been fairly remarkable out there.
0	so what are you guys gonna do?
0	but it certainly was very very powerful.
0	mine would be the diary of jerry.
0	the only thing i want to be.
0	that's why he just put a check.
0	i'm for mccain because of several things.
0	so i think if   we're going to.
0	no family no job 68 years old.
0	is it going to be december 2007?
0	so let's kind of break it down.
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	and you know i never paused once.
0	we'll have to talk more about that.
0	and so that's what the fibers do.
0	not at 6:30 in the morning normally.
0	with me it tends to be cancer.
0	it locks in the gain that's guaranteed.
0	how did you start doing these lists?
0	yeah but it could be new york.
0	it's eerily deserted a foreclosure ghost town.
0	he stayed in the rainforest in indonesia.
0	some people definitely want that to change.
0	would you send a blogger to jail?
0	here's an e-mail we got from andy.
0	martha and alvaro galvis stop the interview.
0	yeah there's no going back to africa.
0	thanks so much for taking my call.
0	you know all those chemicals are going.
0	that's npr's jim zarroli in new york.
0	thomas sim is still in the reserves.
0	and sudan is the heart of africa.
0	insurers say that will make costs skyrocket.
0	basically comparing his employees to preschool kids.
0	and that brings us to the election.
0	patrice had been homeless for four years.
0	there's a lot of big industry here.
0	and we'll take more of your calls.
0	and they had a lot of hope.
0	i talked to lisa camooso miller recently.
0	it's been really popular with young people.
0	they expect these groups to be small.
0	but we have to look into it.
0	president-elect biden will be sworn into office.
0	no one really knows who's behind it.
0	right well you know go ahead neal.
0	and i think that comforted some people.
0	just a couple of seconds rogerambassador noriega.
0	here i don't see that silver lining.
0	he really takes time to make decisions.
0	well russell shorto welcome to fresh air.
0	welcome back to the program dr. petroski.
0	this was exactly what she'd hoped for.
0	please send us a note at npr.
0	the world is watching what's taking place.
0	you know she made so little money.
0	not only are you not forgetting them.
0	and we know that's just not true.
0	the constitution lays it out pretty clearly.
0	we have work looking at domestic violence.
0	jane arraf npr news in zarqa jordan.
0	and he joins us in our studios.
0	people calling their offices chatting with friends.
0	it was a real shock for me.
0	leaking means rust and corrosion and deterioration.
0	it gives you a lot of confidence.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	what have they avoided by doing so?
0	southwest historically has focused on market share.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	you know it gets better every day.
0	he said he came by and visited.
0	and they said well we knew it.
0	and that's health care providers writ large.
0	now the opposition has completely boycotted it.
0	like what do those logistics look like?
0	they deny that trump incited the mob.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	i wonder what happened to the first.
0	i didn't want to go at all.
0	i've been sexually assaulted in my life.
0	what sort of a country is that?
0	well it was a very high turnout.
0	and we are on that exponential curve.
0	it was very controversial by the way.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	it was of course very very unexpected.
0	and i asked kathleen yeager about this.
0	but this is a thrill for him.
0	and there have been different formulas tried.
0	let's hear from kate in palo alto.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	you have a community-wide outbreak right now.
0	it's called the penobscot narrows and observatory.
0	one riffs briefly on the checkpoint's name.
0	mind control volume control and pest control.
0	and man does this city love them.
0	that's been a disaster for turkish companies.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	and it takes a while but eventually.
0	sir that'll be $5 on your drink.
0	this is how the system work here.
0	something new in bahrain that's taking place.
0	mine was very it was very gradual.
0	the thing about entitlement i think yeah.
0	i wouldn't say that mexico is perfect.
0	that's actually a low number right now.
0	and as long as it's the yankees.
0	so joe let me start with you.
0	but i got to be ceo right?
0	it was so easy to get pills.
0	and t.j. good luck with the work.
0	it's really awful and breaking my heart.
0	they're not fully formed or fully mature.
0	what are the highlights in this brief?
0	now these aren't your traditional running shoes.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	ah and i appreciate you maddie sofia.
0	but the rebuke did not last long.
0	we saw it in ohio in 2004.
0	this vote will not be as close.
0	here is senate majority leader   william frist.
0	i think we could do very well.
0	they came back with an urgent report.
0	it's in new york and l.a. chris?
0	well this is very very early on.
0	she says fentanyl is in everything now.
0	how do you kind of regulate that?
0	i have two quick questions for you.
0	so did this come easily to you?
0	rosemary calling from osage city in oklahoma.
0	cora what is thanksgiving like for you?
0	and we get all that stirred up.
0	john we just have a few seconds.
0	they show up in defiance to authority.
0	yes especially when you have record turnout.
0	but many children have more serious problems.
0	i was doing what i enjoyed doing.
0	we're going to be riding into history.
0	what can you tell us about him?
0	other boba shops haven't been so fortunate.
0	we need u.n. peace enforcers in somalia.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	did you personally have contact with them?
0	thanks very much for the call laura.
0	why aren't they in more common use?
0	npr's david greene at the white house.
0	you were in jail for 24 years.
0	they wanted to do another 1.2 trillion.
0	there's now a recount in clayton county.
0	fist fight fire fight and food fight.
0	that's what i was trying to get.
0	well i think the answer is yes.
0	where a captain lets a boat moor.
0	it's the first authorized biography of rice.
0	i didn't move out to the suburbs.
0	i was very worried about halloween weekend.
0	i want to continue to see that.
0	i don't hate obama by any means.
0	can you also   love that other person?
0	raquel with us from baton rouge louisiana.
0	she just happened to score a shot.
0	these are not regulations they're just suggestions.
0	and we offered and we created space.
0	transitions are very important for our democracy.
0	and i'll look at her and nod.
0	so the president did two different things.
0	it begins very low in the desert.
0	that's kind of coincidental don't you think?
0	he wants to go higher and higher.
0	he thought it was a good movie.
0	sauerkraut and sausages and things like that.
0	i don't have a problem with that.
0	he's seen it with his own eyes.
0	he is a republican for a reason.
0	that history begins with the red coats.
0	and i feel like a jilted lover.
0	is that essentially what these scientists say?
0	rubio gave a very well-delivered well-received speech.
0	number one he drank too much water.
0	shock treatments are serious and they're undermining.
0	engagement is not an end in itself.
0	good to have you with us tamara.
0	that's adam reilly of wgbh in boston.
0	it's been winning on market price alone.
0	she was a year away from finishing.
0	ah we are not going to talk.
0	the legislation's author councilman leroy comrie explains.
0	i think your caller is quite right.
0	what are they like as a group?
0	they certainly don't want a united korea.
0	you know they know the syrian warplane.
0	it's ramped up considerably since the verdict.
0	people who are obsessed with one thing.
0	i was so freaked out by that.
0	what's the most recent news with waterboarding?
0	shell's exploration was just 150 miles away.
0	we do a lot of grassroots events.
0	what power does john edwards have today?
0	it's probably not the most economically efficient.
0	she keeps the silver tea set polished.
0	a wig or the wall street journal?
0	and he just didn't run that way.
0	let me ask you a sensitive question.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	today we try to solve this mystery.
0	i think there's a lot to that.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	while in europe they cannot do that.
0	nina have a good time covering this.
0	we've made it harder in many ways.
0	so joanne is this pretty persuasive evidence?
0	it's the loss of cultural   knowledge internationally.
0	he wanted to thank them each personally.
0	we should be shamed but not frozen.
0	do we have him on another line?
0	what's the difference between iceland and ireland?
0	so a good example is during katrina.
0	last night the post published his name.
0	they would have upheld vermont's contribution limits.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	but there seemed to have been shenanigans.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	lipstick is a lot of polyethylene glycol.
0	is there enough faculty time for students?
0	in the past he's called his wife.
0	dan thanks very much for the call.
0	well they'll throw me in the stockade.
0	so we went to the u.s. army.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	and now we know it is wrong.
0	it's demanding more information about her accusations.
0	jack thank you very much for calling.
0	that's our biggest concern probably right now.
0	mr. wittman joins us from new   york.
0	she supported staying in the european union.
0	it was when we ran paper logbooks.
0	but is it an act of war?
0	what's the reason for this week's show?
0	i'm really happy to see you too.
0	what's going on in new hampshire today?
0	when i slept i dreamt about it.
0	it's not my job to save souls.
0	see now i think that's the dilemma.
0	can i just make one quick comment?
0	what would either candidate do for that?
0	now he stresses that an awful lot.
0	his expertise comes as a counterterrorism guy.
0	this last year has been really hard.
0	or you know it could be tea.
0	it's very difficult for me to cry.
0	she was the first female cabinet minister.
0	i think it's too early to tell.
0	something needs to change in that perspective.
0	of course there's a reason for that.
0	that's rick pluta of michigan public radio.
0	could i ask you to read it?
0	nobody else is even quite   to 11.
0	i thought it was uplifting for me.
0	it's a hot sunny day in haiti.
0	it's like applicable to so many things.
0	what's at the top of your mind?
0	i mean it's just sitting there right?
0	carolyn mitrovich e-mailed us from san diego.
0	the atmosphere was by no means solemn.
0	no asylum hearing dates have been set.
0	they were pockets of poverty and crime.
0	he sees things as they really are.
0	there are boulders and rocks fallen trees.
0	probably i wasn't very conscious of it.
0	it puts the total well over 600,000.
0	npr's richard knox joined us from boston.
0	then that what you're supposed to do.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	were you trying to control your breathing?
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	what do you do before a competition?
0	i'm only interested in getting her back.
0	he still goes there all the time.
0	and he actually got away with it.
0	oh man it's just that you're alive.
0	and he quit the drugs cold turkey.
0	so he's going to have a salary.
0	she's 5 foot 6 born in 1956.
0	but spreadsheets are all about algebraic thinking.
0	the world is flat it is changing.
0	and it happened in a   hundred days.
0	thanks very much for the call heather.
0	my next guest underwater explorer robert ballard.
0	but then again there are miracles and.
0	ok so what did you find out?
0	i think sarah palin's even come out.
0	they asked us to do several shows.
0	whatever she said the cat disagreed with.
0	and that is also just detroit's view.
0	he is the son of pakistani immigrants.
0	they've got to look at language skills.
0	you know i'm afraid i haven't been.
0	but i mean i miss him horribly.
0	one person was killed in the shooting.
0	i don't think she's a trophy wife.
0	rachel waldholz of alaska public media reports.
0	they're for the front like around here.
0	maybe you shouldn't be in the country.
0	i'm not patting myself on the back.
0	so it makes it it's incredibly difficult.
0	for example adult obesity continues to climb.
0	and you know here comes this guy.
0	oh yak that dude in the mountain.
0	yeah but it is relatively new still.
0	you'd be hard-pressed to find someone texting.
0	i know exactly what you're talking about.
0	amy seems to think he's really something.
0	i don't care if i get crucified.
0	i don't care if they shoot me.
0	my plan is to run for reelection.
0	but enforcement is a really big issue.
0	ellis works for a group called treehouse.
0	i would correct jeff a little bit.
0	kobani was really more of a symbol.
0	they failed to lead failed our kids.
0	i'm well thanks for taking my call.
0	oh we'll do it again maybe huh?
0	i knew you'd never let yourself go.
0	this gets rid of these taxpayer-funded settlements.
0	and they said yeah the cliche checklist.
0	act two how to be a man.
0	dan nice to have you with us.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	so instead welcome an eager child's help.
0	for npr i'm lauren silverman in dallas.
0	probably the best example is morry taylor.
0	and it wasn't just the president's son.
0	actually the best thing i bought there.
0	it seems like a lot of pressure.
0	today it's even odds on gonzales' future.
0	it would take a that's good stuff.
0	joe's with us from natick in massachusetts.
0	they also cost a lot of money.
0	there was the $600 one in december.
0	there's also another very very important difference.
0	but unfortunately that's not always the case.
0	this story was this very popular story.
0	there are many many of these questions.
0	just go to our web site npr.
0	larry litton welcome to day to day.
0	i didn't want that day to end.
0	what could you do with the eye?
0	that person is the one that's responsible.
0	we've definitely had more beer than money.
0	it accounts for a lot of money.
0	yeah i got a foot of water.
0	and she just got back from fallujah.
0	well the stock market opened higher today.
0	and what's the u.s. role in that?
0	even the bees were crapping on us.
0	i was diagnosed at 14 with fibromyalgia.
0	good to have you with us john.
0	bill duvall also called it a night.
0	like i'm never going to retrieve it.
0	jordan is rushing humanitarian aid to lebanon.
0	and four years later here we are.
0	npr's jason beaubien reports from sierra leone.
0	it's like it adds to the texture.
0	his comment really addresses a critical issue.
0	i mean that's not really very unusual.
0	peter thanks very much for the call.
0	i'll get in touch with you later.
0	and plant-based crab cakes and fish sticks.
0	i believe this photo is from 2003.
0	your book begins with a short prologue.
0	they learned about it over the radio.
0	how do you see that playing out?
0	nader thanks very much for the call.
0	and let's get ethan on the line.
0	give it a try why don't you?
0	i love jim henson's whole puppet cast.
0	we don't want to be forgotten about.
0	the latest big attack was in march.
0	he says others decide to postpone it.
0	commander ramos bergonio shows me the notebooks.
0	but it's quite common and it's valuable.
0	australia is celebrating its first masters champion.
0	its leaders say hartford poached their team.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	verle's calling us from kennewick in washington.
0	some of them are now in retirement.
0	the business owed a hundred thousand dollars.
0	well it's a kind of strange mixture.
0	i don't like that term ivory tower.
0	we need the support of the americans.
0	that's npr's lead political editor domenico montanaro.
0	but can you give us some sense.
0	large retail pharmacies are also being affected.
0	today we have the perfect annoying example.
0	act thirteen dr. jeckyl and mr. wacky.
0	but also the intellect is also there.
0	and then i'll execute the last takeaway.
0	but he quickly gets up the code.
0	gloria i'll give you the last question.
0	it helps to know that somebody cares.
0	i was never asked to say anything.
0	and this week daoud was found dead.
0	and he said no it's a single.
0	the hearings amount to a dog-and-pony show.
0	some are subtle not explicitly about feelings.
0	matt welcome back to day to day.
0	that's what i'm going to work at.
0	we thank you both for your time.
0	npr's ted robbins has more from tucson.
0	she spent her weekends at the gym.
0	khalid thanks very much for you call.
0	tell us about your flash of genius.
0	well he's not here to defend himself.
0	it's got the half-moon on the door.
0	so what's your favorite piece of audio?
0	ahmadinejad was tough against the united states.
0	and he flung them in all directions.
0	so now the somalis have a weapon.
0	robert dallek as always thanks very much.
0	thank you very much for coming in.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	there's little running water not much electricity.
0	so i think that's the same thing.
0	and it's not just abortion she says.
0	it's a busy life we're talking about.
0	i missed a lot but i threw.
0	let's go back to may 1 2011.
0	and there's so many eyes on it.
0	we'll actually get to that as well.
0	sheriff ty trenary made the announcement monday.
0	the deadline for achieving that is 2025.
0	and they want us to work together.
0	like what's the place of the jokes?
0	let's bring another voice into the conversation.
0	lucha libre atomic blue said is religion.
0	let's go to jeff in los gatos.
0	so i never wrote the blog post.
0	and tell us what you both do.
0	we had a we had a gas.
0	they know ron there and that's jd.
0	so that shifts the center of gravity.
0	we have to wait for the batteries.
0	no that wasn't the case at all.
0	so i'm kind of like a prostitute.
0	no one's in charge of the points.
0	all right colin thank you so much.
0	bank of america wachovia and so on.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	i mean they u.s. open was amazing.
0	yet the threat from al-qaida remains grave.
0	arnold's photograph shows a smaller thinner mendenhall.
0	and why would you call it artillery?
0	my heart breaks for them you know.
0	so this is not a done deal.
0	hey who wants to find some fossils?
0	that's why he was on that cruise.
0	i presume that the government stimulus right?
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	and you're losing your second home almost.
0	this is a question about college visitors.
0	i can't send them to the states.
0	well both sides say they want talks.
0	thanksgiving is one of my favorite holidays.
0	yes and i think still wants it.
0	and all of the victims were african-american.
0	all right thank you for the call.
0	you attended this press conference this morning.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	his likud party is rallying around him.
0	i like a defensive brand of basketball.
0	the problem is how to do that.
0	we are fleeing those extremists he says.
0	finally this license has been taken away.
0	one do you agree with that assessment?
0	what prompted you to reevaluate this specifically?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	you watched world-class tennis with zero fans.
0	search is the key to online ads.
0	it's like a massive national swat team.
0	ron christie is ceo of christie strategies.
0	the wire isn't meant to prevent entry.
0	the market expects that it will happen.
0	now this was tested on amateur athletes.
0	spain also just passed a million cases.
0	that proposition will be tested in november.
0	straight to hell is a two-disc set.
0	so we're talking about two different things.
0	so we've seen our numbers drop some.
0	they thought they were being specific enough.
0	what's the message we're trying to convey?
0	he's been with trump also for years.
0	what do we know about that group?
0	i've always loved staring at the moon.
0	so if you have some share it.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	ron wasn't the hubble over budget too?
0	scott thanks very much really appreciate it.
0	give me some more details about that.
0	and we didn't sell it hard enough.
0	now let's get matt on the line.
0	you know nobody ever comments on that.
0	there is the united states of america.
0	you would still have the same conditions.
0	it's like obviously i was really unhappy.
0	but i think that yeah we should.
0	lopez is worried about what might happen.
0	heidi beemer great talking with you again.
0	the party just genuflected at his altar.
0	apology was considered a little too strong.
0	and i'd like to thank our guests.
0	well there are a couple of things.
0	if she can do that she says.
0	i was very close with my grandmother.
0	lee was speaking at the heritage foundation.
0	president bill clinton did something similar too.
0	infinite is the precise number i think.
0	like how big will this production be?
0	i'm a collegiate fast pitch softball umpire.
0	well that's the head scratching part madeleine.
0	what can we do to constrain it?
0	how did it   become a private company?
0	i mean it seems like we might.
0	so who gave beethoven his opus numbers?
0	tavernier's other source material may seem unlikely.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i know it's in new york right?
0	how did he do in the debate?
0	why is that barr's decision to make?
0	everybody wants to see notre dame restored.
0	he could pop a big surprise here.
0	solomon's site is called no laying up.
0	hopefully it won't take quite two decades.
0	but i wanted to comment on that.
0	and we're sorry you had that experience.
0	they see us as an invading country.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	please pass on my regards to him.
0	that is what the regional president said.
0	give us an example if you would.
0	well he has yet to do so.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	correct and that has been a concern.
0	we're now using all three of them.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's what i have a problem with.
0	originally i was not for him resigning.
0	so it's really only gravity that stays.
0	and that is our show for today.
0	so nicotine's a great example cigarettes right.
0	his tuxedo is now in fine form.
0	let's go to leo in long island.
0	she reports on south asia from mumbai.
0	but i didn't let that effect me.
0	tell us how you figured it out.
0	he repeated that threat on the floor.
0	all right thanks again for coming on.
0	this is what i've worked hard for.
0	yeah my closet coin that's always here.
0	as in like measuring time more precisely?
0	but i haven't found a barber yet.
0	i will haunt you all the time.
0	that's right and we're waiting for it.
0	but i don't think it's a negative.
0	well the government itself hasn't said anything.
0	so what about from the mummified twinkie?
0	that's where he got his origin story.
0	but the democrats are nervous about it.
0	maybe they just for some reason dont.
0	what did that mean in specific terms?
0	it'll really they'll really be tied together.
0	and he'd already had a big success.
0	their trains go 200 miles an hour.
0	ken rudin is with us as always.
0	tom heinsohn could go to the basket.
0	jeff what's the latest from investigators there?
0	it was a bloody 26-year civil war.
0	independents or others have about 31 percent.
0	these people get a special label champions.
0	as m.l. said it was very brief.
0	it opened last night to strong reviews.
0	on the show today the big bailout.
0	god no. but it is still corrupt.
0	but then there are other lesser knowns.
0	daniel with us from hollywood in florida.
0	he's being prosecuted for making false statements.
0	you can read his blog at jamesfallows.
0	it looks like he's locked that up.
0	but e.j. is this response good enough?
0	doug for instance has an engineering background.
0	we are not free to move around.
0	i will be out there raising money.
0	what are you seeing in arlington now?
0	well i can barely spell my name.
0	let me get julia in on this.
0	you plug into a broadband internet connection.
0	it's like a very light red wine.
0	and sherwin says they are doing that.
0	npr's david welna has been watching this.
0	or might it be a lucky break?
0	and containment was a very tough-minded strategy.
0	today the republican congress returned the favor.
0	are they going to try to steal?
0	well that's reg mead and richard miles.
0	we recorded our conversation early this morning.
0	so many times we've left friends behind.
0	i don't believe that for a minute.
0	all of them have alarms built in.
0	and i think they play without fear.
0	but it will take time maybe years.
0	rachel hubbard of member station kosu reports.
0	jeremy with us from cunningham in kentucky.
0	anyway no that was the beatles right.
0	he's here today for the first time.
0	which is really important for electron flow.
0	and a galvanized nail coated with zinc.
0	we called the school a catholic institution.
0	was it always hard the entire time?
0	they all know that that can happen.
0	the governor was in favor of it.
0	he's living in the same tent encampment.
0	the economy the housing crisis and jobs.
0	that's right just the sounds of gunfire.
0	make up your own mind you know.
0	oh it's a fantastic time to apply.
0	they are not involved in the fight.
0	so in some ways that's a deterrent.
0	they've all been something of a disappointment.
0	but i can't   answer that you know.
0	about 15,000 to 20,000 people can fit.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	he was always wrestling with big ideas.
0	physics has ruined heavy metal for you.
0	and then you have to move on.
0	mullah shihab is a wanted man again.
0	the big story is the big trade.
0	you have a lot of material to.
0	what about creating a space for exercise?
0	this is how she explained it today.
0	nice of you to come in today.
0	raeshawn and lashone are both trained chefs.
0	let's get to this big number though.
0	this was not part of my upbringing.
0	actually there was mixed ethnicity there too.
0	the high cost of protecting your home.
0	it's like what i did this morning.
0	so the ball is in their court.
0	that was an ok job apparently right?
0	and so he's yet to come back.
0	anya calling from green bay in wisconsin.
0	what are you doing in those trades?
0	hi neal good to talk to you.
0	i think it came out in march.
0	was it the art that chose me?
0	my comment would be just the opposite.
0	the man behind the leaks came forward.
0	i was turkey dropped my freshman year.
0	and then he didn't say anything else.
0	and these protests they go way back.
0	let's keep it very narrowly focused here.
0	the city has never experienced such disaster.
0	and you say a really funny line.
0	kenny langie is a mental health specialist.
0	carrie kahn npr news st. francisville louisiana.
0	people going to silly places on the.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	google does have their own url shortener.
0	he looked confused i remember his face.
0	thanks so much for joining me today.
0	christina keller is one of the teachers.
0	i mean it's all over the world.
0	we didn't have as much digital communication.
0	but gracanica's mayor bojan stojanovic is pragmatic.
0	and the second thing i'm an atheist.
0	this morning i'm in broward county fla.
0	well there's a lot of technical details.
0	there's a pun it couldn't be dumpy.
0	but there are political issues as well.
0	they need to be vaccinated against influenza.
0	we're going to get some angry e-mail.
0	but people weren't hearing from stella herself.
0	our kids are back to in-person learning.
0	like this is a normal grieving reaction.
0	wait like a shark is following you?
0	so you are correct in that regard.
0	we're going to take another call now.
0	what do the europeans make of that?
0	unfortunately the republicans won't in this case.
0	now there are three and four apartments.
0	these normally last for years sometimes they.
0	he was the designated hitter in cleveland.
0	let's go to jason in naples florida.
0	in some places they're actually reversing it.
0	you might not get anything you want.
0	oh yeah $2,000 or $3,000 less minimum.
0	i can pay a doctor in chiemgauer.
0	see i didn't even hear about that.
0	and we would bump heads a lot.
0	ortiz is frustrated with the gop-controlled congress.
0	and now that's up in the air.
0	i want to keep my social ties.
0	today the colts released their longtime quarterback.
0	well it's been a lot of work.
0	how are nato countries responding to this?
0	the president described it as positive news.
0	i mean they were huddling in bathrooms.
0	i think she did really well yeah.
0	they never knew that they weren't around.
0	but one theme was inescapable in 2020.
0	fashionistas spend $2,000 on a prada handbag.
0	and it knows how to come back.
0	they said why didn't she write letters?
0	she'd invited journalists to come film her.
0	it was his last match before retirement.
0	people are catching new diseases from ticks.
0	that's the way they treat prisoners there.
0	what about there in the downtown area?
0	can i just sit on the floor?
0	how has nextdoor responded to this shift?
0	as you said they're getting their little.
0	david with us from ellensburg in washington.
0	he started a website called wheelchair travel.
0	doctor like suddenly because there's an award.
0	and he said my legs don't work.
0	and glen how is kevin keller introduced?
0	that family business was an internet cafe.
0	one is we truly eradicate this disease.
0	probably about 2,000 bucks at that point.
0	he has served a year in iraq.
0	and in russia at these same sites.
0	deb d-e-b don d-o-n and rot r-o-t.
0	so they all sort of indulged me.
0	my mother's my biggest fan carl said.
0	that's michigan's secretary of state jocelyn benson.
0	mayor barrett thanks for talking with us.
0	katie how do you think about that?
0	but this is a very complicated situation.
0	but it can also jeopardize market integrity.
0	you've got to go system by system.
0	well they're going to bring cohen in.
0	and it does not apply to ambassadors.
0	all competitive thoughts go out the window.
0	you know he could shake things up.
0	like you need to help each other.
0	still i feel very close to jesus.
0	all of that figured into his movies.
0	and i think that's an important advance.
0	it's all very like weird and stuff.
0	the iraqi units are just joining them.
0	marilyn it's been great talking to you.
0	and i didn't recognize this as such.
0	this is the second bailout for chrysler.
0	unfortunately our study cannot answer that question.
0	then the housing crisis hit in 2008.
0	well then she and i started talking.
0	puerto rico has completely different political parties.
0	and it's ending its second season tonight.
0	this is the beauty of this piece.
0	and it's like hey you know what?
0	for npr news this is pat dowell.
0	major structural disruption requires major structural change.
0	and so smell memories are very emotional.
0	professor thanks so much for joining us.
0	and what we call it in english?
0	and we need leaders who understand that.
0	kim ng this is a huge breakthrough.
0	have you come in contact with neurolaw?
0	please explain what you can to us.
0	you've got tuition residential food meal plans.
0	they are subject to pressures as well.
0	well it all began ailsa last friday.
0	i have nothing but respect for him.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	all right we are out of time.
0	well we've already been ramping up production.
0	ayaan hirsi ali can you hear me?
0	so what's the future of nuclear power?
0	i'm going to give you three words.
0	a mountain ash volcanic ash and potash.
0	it costs me about $70   a month.
0	don't move your money around too much.
0	and historical documents weren't much help either.
0	i mean it just blew me away.
0	as a result prices went way up.
0	that's npr's allison aubrey and dan charles.
0	she could barely understand him she said.
0	thanks for being with us mr. latell.
0	but that is just the day job.
0	let's try this very close to home.
0	each of these is a separate puff.
0	death star galaxy beats up its neighbor.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	that was a really good hand will.
0	kadia thanks very much for the call.
0	mogee thanks very much for the call.
0	he lived for awhile over in virginia.
0	this show was made in the summer.
0	well i think there's two big risks.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	what kind of solutions do you suggest?
0	this was a large and complicated bill.
0	it is also just a huge challenge.
0	but last year he ran for parliament.
0	there are people heading each agency review.
0	well that's what i wanted to know.
0	but we've had some good long-term results.
0	you show up at your real school.
0	so that is one perspective from europe.
0	i spoke to constanze stelzenmuller about this.
0	so someone made a really good decision?
0	it's also trying to buy social peace.
0	and i think that's a neat experience.
0	what are law enforcement sources telling you?
0	nice   to be with you today farai.
0	that can lead to an out-of-control hemorrhage.
0	i'm going to get the check list.
0	but it's not what you might think.
0	appreciate it and happy thanksgiving to you.
0	in the case of myanmar good idea?
0	i dropped my pocket protector today so.
0	you have that sort of spidey sense.
0	their legal residence is still in nevada.
0	no. i definitely think it's a bonanza.
0	it drives us to prove our point.
0	nigeria has an election coming in 2015.
0	jay does any of that sound helpful?
0	so larry brody can i ask you?
0	today's boom still depends on government assistance.
0	and that's a harder concept to get.
0	this is a greenhouse in memphis tennessee.
0	and she is doing pretty well ken?
0	the polar vortex has been around forever.
0	and let's get mike on the line.
0	but there have been many many lincolns.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	how is the math lining up there?
0	he encouraged his colleagues to support him.
0	let's get some callers on the line.
0	and what are the president's allies saying?
0	and we're seeing the results of that.
0	my husband and i were very lucky.
0	he's going to meet with him tomorrow.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well al-maliki's committed to this in principle.
0	do chinese leaders have doubts about him?
0	we have heard nothing from china yet.
0	they're not going to do it fast.
0	what do you mean by that becky?
0	and the city is green bay wis.
0	starbucks has opened its first tea shop.
0	and this is not a foreign troll.
0	so i had to think about that.
0	and he described today's development as breathtaking.
0	i'll take my comments off the air.
0	you know it's a bit like rubbernecking.
0	and you go onto the next story.
0	but it's your sense of touch base.
0	yeah we're talking big dollar signs here.
0	many are older people with good jobs.
0	and in a sense he is right.
0	and you're a little bit unconvinced there.
0	what's been the focus of his team?
0	some of the technologies are very expensive.
0	it's also something that you really enjoyed.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	the right top front molar was missing.
0	how do your behaviors affect your kids?
0	so what are both teams saying today?
0	conservation and even nuclear are getting attention.
0	it comes from   the jim crow period.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	one of the things is driving slower.
0	for mullings madden is a video game.
0	youre listening to science friday from npr.
0	today's tv makers are beginning to recognize.
0	and joining us now is mary mcnamara.
0	mazuze abdul rahman is al waroud's director.
0	it's powered when it's in your hand.
0	now this is striking because he should.
0	and people work in the other country.
0	people don't even know how they feel.
0	and you know it is the law.
0	amy green of member station wmfe reports.
0	he needs to back off and think.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	she is calling us from bend oregon.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and we're having a little trouble connecting.
0	well i'm not sure of that actually.
0	sir john houghton organized the oxford conference.
0	he imagined carnage on the national mall.
0	that you prayed four times a day?
0	seven or eight people saw it yeah.
0	now do you have a cell phone?
0	no. if anything it's inflamed them more.
0	they want an investigation into police brutality.
0	i can't do anything else about it.
0	he made potato salad on the road.
0	what was your thought in those days?
0	daisy's with us from charlottesville in virginia.
0	we still don't know what happened there.
0	so these are totally the wrong men.
0	but it was still recognizably david crosby.
0	i've had students ask me different questions.
0	they're not going to call it prayer.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	how do feel about their rigged elections?
0	bratton manages a notoriously under-funded police force.
0	let's get some listeners on the line.
0	schools are closed toilet paper sold out.
0	when democrats took over congress last winter.
0	well that's where you get into trouble.
0	and today we gave out annual reports.
0	this email from janet in bernie texas.
0	you know anything is allowable under war.
0	ray is   calling us from reno nevada.
0	he put forward his resignation on saturday.
0	eleven thousand american troops are based there.
0	i'll take my comments off the air.
0	but i actually enjoy playing smaller venues.
0	the laminitis did heal for several months.
0	one hundred and four nuclear power plants.
0	we do not want to see that.
0	mullings has been playing madden for years.
0	and so people are wondering about that.
0	so here's human evolution in a nutshell.
0	i grew up playing the neville brothers.
0	that's according to the world economic forum.
0	like i can't like replace these people.
0	he was pardoned never went to prison.
0	but west virginia is the correct answer.
0	san antonio is a fairly large city.
0	my question is mainly about nanites nanobots.
0	we shall not be robbed any longer.
0	edward snowden and the american surveillance state.
0	guess how many other passengers got sick?
0	he traded on racist stereotypes as well.
0	what league you're talking about little leagues?
0	well i don't blame you for that.
0	and it came more violently in romania.
0	the foam was just one of them.
0	travel is expected to be way down.
0	what do you do in albany oregon?
0	blair good to   talk to you man.
0	the secret to his weight loss success?
0	and there was plenty of that yesterday.
0	so they're all going to be processed.
0	so christian let me ask you this.
0	and i was like what's that for.
0	zhenan bao shows me they've done that.
0	john lovick is the snohomish county executive.
0	some of this fight is about money.
0	here's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	you're probably not supposed to admit that.
0	this guardsman unit meets once a year.
0	the anagram of directions starts with d-i.
0	we do have proof that it is.
0	otherwise your photos might be little grainy.
0	i don't think it should go under.
0	so this is all going on underwater?
0	so the antimicrobial property is very good.
0	four of you have all said yeast.
0	iran's devastated economy battered by u.s.-led sanctions.
0	it was so scary to sit there.
0	and this is the point of contention.
0	how does resigning though help your cause?
0	you know many activists have fled overseas.
0	well let me put it this way.
0	how much has been pledged so far?
0	but the truth of it remains nnpc.
0	so they became very rich very quickly.
0	and his voice was a little muffled.
0	how did the house managers answer that?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and i don't know that it's necessary.
0	and his dad was a nixon republican.
0	the experience of being an only son?
0	what kind of man is harold ford?
0	absolutely that's a critical part of it.
0	apparently we'd asked one too many questions.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	could that be a recipe for overreach?
0	amy dickinson on the worst holiday gifts.
0	chief brown said the bomb killed johnson.
0	but then there was the health factor.
0	hey blue you're missing a good game.
0	what are we to make of this?
0	and these candidates haven't even said anything.
0	i don't think it's a bad ad.
0	do either of those hold any credence?
0	she's with us here in studio 4a.
0	how are those conversations with the embalmer?
0	no just find the people who can.
0	the pathway to robespierre is fading fast.
0	he has no person to go to.
0	bamboo is also a smart serious kid.
0	a novel has to be about people.
0	it's the military base for eastern congo.
0	what's the conversation like in the newsroom?
0	what was the state of embalming then?
0	i got my silent i got respect.
0	well yes and particularly columbia and venezuela's.
0	and it's a game of saving pennies.
0	i don't see any oil on you.
0	or have they been clients of yours?
0	you know i do that as well.
0	it's like you're either pro-life or pro-environment.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	like that's what life did to him?
0	gott had owned hers for 16 years.
0	l was proud to be chinese american.
0	selena simmons-duffin from member station wamu explains.
0	what has happened today to change that?
0	and he's calling up to a windowsill.
0	some guys flood their posts with light.
0	it's like he was winking at you.
0	and they're all saying the same thing.
0	from afar they watch the helicopter land.
0	no. no. i only had it once.
0	and it will work to some people.
0	i could play the minuteman theme song.
0	for individuals nobody's going to do this.
0	we're all playing these roles you know?
0	i think he is a transformational figure.
0	marion winik lives in glen rock pennsylvania.
0	we showed that to the first pilgrims.
0	you're going to see a great fire.
0	and they're like ghosts in a sense.
0	and you couldn't blame him for that.
0	we have real glasses in the windows.
0	oh no no. i was quite riveted.
0	like would he be home at night?
0	i'm happy serving as the attorney general.
0	we just have a little bit left.
0	and so that advice was not helpful.
0	you're forced to work extra large hours.
0	but we arrive to a media frenzy.
0	the opposite is the case with aspens.
0	jesus and i screamed our heads off.
0	that was a small party of two.
0	oh look this is a cool thing.
0	it could   backfire in a big way.
0	and tell us about tyler lee long.
0	another sign your prank-life is rather rich?
0	it will register people before storms hit.
0	and nice to have you with us.
0	and then and here they are again.
0	he accused him of shady business practices.
0	you got quite a few of them.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and hairy- pot-bellied pigs they have fur.
0	and then you get lonely and bored.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we can't sell our houses to move.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	i mean it's such a nerve-wracking event.
0	these are sacrificial lambs as it were.
0	she's some kind of a stage grip.
0	but in fact it was in fact?
0	there was a sniper on the roof.
0	let me point something out right here.
0	we actually can sort of get along.
0	i was like wow that's tupac shakur.
0	and maybe we can win this thing.
0	we look at the energy star guidelines.
0	i've got to run to the work.
0	and they gather at the hotel bar.
0	sometimes they blend it with other whiskeys.
0	she had never lied to me before.
0	what is the linkage in your view?
0	a month later he got a job.
0	so things are better for him now?
0	something i need to confess to you.
0	and they're finding great success with it.
0	charlayne hunter-gault npr news sewanee south africa.
0	they're not showing up in the morgue.
0	this brings us to the big night.
0	and get back to their little-guy-against-the-big-guy roots.
0	but grieco says it's at least reliable.
0	there's one in des moines i think.
0	today show was first broadcast in 2006.
0	criticism came quickly as joel rose reports.
0	it just doesn't really fit the internet.
0	what do you think she's really saying?
0	i was like sick to my stomach.
0	also we're podcasting of course science friday.
0	but don't take my word for it.
0	everyone guesses a state first ok cool.
0	they're not showing up in the press.
0	that would be high on your list.
0	you know what does the constitution say?
0	i've said before i'm not a lawyer.
0	well i don't think we know yet.
0	well it's something i'm very concerned about.
0	but he did speak to one point.
0	so pollster bruno jeanbart told me this.
0	the next day we were in luck.
0	how were you able to uncover it?
0	this wasn't a traditional sovereign wealth fund.
0	i love you know mike will's music.
0	i just like it or i don't.
0	the lawyers were shouting at each other.
0	like i understand what the situation is.
0	it's subject to drought and to floods.
0	oh i don't know if i can.
0	that seems like a really impressive number.
0	they talked about the criminal justice system.
0	the election was indecisive inconclusive last thursday.
0	that's really the issue at stake here.
0	how was that magic number arrived at?
0	so that will be front and center.
0	so tell us more about these photos.
0	he's a columnist for   the independent newspaper.
0	i thought he was doing really well.
0	he's looking to add and not subtract.
0	from romney kind of dealing with that.
0	for more we've got carmen van kerckhove.
0	and soand you never did find them.
0	joel lovell he's no longer a freelancer.
0	and maybe that was part of it.
0	for lebanon's size it's a huge area.
0	they don't know too much about him.
0	i totally reject such characterization for hezbollah.
0	i understand your husband is striking out.
0	he said he was who he was.
0	a little imperial purple on the throne.
0	i don't know why everybody puts rum.
0	his blog visible man is at npr.
0	like this apocalyptic death of a city.
0	the market for wood products is changing.
0	roman watched him disappear into the surf.
0	here he is speaking to abc news.
0	and they aren't ruling out that option.
0	and now they're taking it more serious.
0	jeff thanks very much for the call.
0	well there's things like thimerosal ethyl mercury.
0	and then he said wait a minute.
0	he started having problems with his speech.
0	so there's a lot riding on china.
0	i don't even think they sat down.
0	allen thanks very much for the contribution.
0	and most of us don't want to.
0	she joins us on the line now.
0	and i cut my finger really bad.
0	he wanted to swim and he swam.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	he's done some stories for our program.
0	yes my name is patricia from berkeley.
0	it's a company named hypo real estate.
0	folks thanks very much for joining us.
0	what are your concerns about this agreement?
0	she lobbied for decades on cushing's behalf.
0	so it was all downhill after that.
0	the lines are quite bad and sketchy.
0	you said this equilibrium comes from majoritarianism.
0	how did it get to be known?
0	also my wife works in the industry.
0	that was new york governor david paterson.
0	so proportionally it should feel quicker right?
0	there are only a couple people listening.
0	they don't have stuff that people want.
0	it's really a statement about the present.
0	and they used that experience in basra.
0	then he asked me what was wrong.
0	and he wasn't any stranger to pain.
0	it's contrary to fbi procedures and practice.
0	and so the corpses had no context.
0	i'm so glad you raise this point.
0	and the problem isn't just in minnesota.
0	you saw such sadness in their eyes.
0	now it's just a pile of rubble.
0	he looks surprised whenever anyone recognizes him.
0	this morning we've called dr. michael hayes.
0	ed markey from massachusetts will join us.
0	we can't just sit around doing nothing.
0	you know it's only been two years.
0	thanks very much for coming in today.
0	it's not a huge order in australia.
0	now we wake up in the morning.
0	more recently scandals involving corn and gas.
0	i'm the son of a coal miner.
0	and this is where things went wrong.
0	this is more than a business decision.
0	the iranian news agency fars says so.
0	i've been on admissions committees as well.
0	it's just a review of the sector.
0	npr's peter kenyon reports from ifrane morocco.
0	npr's peter kenyon reports from kuwait city.
0	so the pressure on space is great.
0	but what are some the differences here?
0	things got very still for a while.
0	at first we were writing every day.
0	and we've visited and he's in oregon.
0	we really don't want another daniel pearl.
0	that's an interesting point when you say.
0	the delegation included two of karzai's brothers.
0	jeff monday is the principal at mesmer.
0	and that seems like where we've gotten.
0	i like maroon and blue and purple.
0	you're going to be in the hospital.
0	it's had a profound effect on people.
0	the other thing is of course politics.
0	i have to say that shocked me.
0	robert's calling us from jacksonville in florida.
0	i wanted to be off the hook.
0	and that goes on their credit report.
0	i do release you from the promise.
0	there isn't legislation that's actually been drafted.
0	it's like it's comparing apples and oranges.
0	and he would say we're just friends.
0	he's white and he supports john mccain.
0	like welfare food stamps and head start.
0	he says the post-katrina biloxi is booming.
0	you think it's still a democrats' year?
0	and fu would roll on his back.
0	his heart was in the right place.
0	this was a very goal-directed bulletin board.
0	i'm from pg county maryland go turks.
0	she's a really wonderful funny literary novelist.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	so it wasn't just a youth vote.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	we want to hear from you particularly.
0	and philip what was the funeral like?
0	i've already got my plane ticket so.
0	bill is with us from madison wisconsin.
0	and let's get adil on the line.
0	it does not like black and white.
0	i was struck by huang's steely optimism.
0	oh none of us had much hair.
0	it's the venezuelan way of doing things.
0	it was such a tragedy you know?
0	whether he was trying to give offense.
0	that's enough to power 82,000 american homes.
0	let's hear from steve in monroe connecticut.
0	randy curtis injects himself every few days.
0	he battled hepatitis c many years later.
0	eric holm just started at bloomberg news.
0	here's npr's sonari glinton with the details.
0	we will always be in your throat.
0	the mother hits the baby with love.
0	this also didn't work out so well.
0	a vegan diet can be very restrictive.
0	this is from ray windsor in canada.
0	and it was especially hard on mom.
0	but the worst part was no fighting.
0	kevin landrigan thank you for joining us.
0	the debates are going to be critical.
0	fill us in on what you're thinking.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	explain that word col the north col.
0	you could put your arm around it.
0	and there hasn't really been any progress.
0	omar thanks very much for the call.
0	what the heck's going on in syria?
0	we have to take a short break.
0	it has a tradition of secular politics.
0	i was there's some radicals in libya.
0	he never really wound up saying that.
0	that's npr lead political editor domenico montanaro.
0	are you going to be watching bethel?
0	evacuees get to work building brick stoves.
0	npr's wade goodwyn in hot springs arkansas.
0	they are moving forward from the shutdown.
0	but off screen tovar became tinseltown royalty.
0	and it looks bad for general motors.
0	avery had her own brush with death.
0	actually this is rooted in rwandan history.
0	but in other countries eels are celebrated.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	thank you for taking my call neal.
0	they've agreed to pay economic loss claims.
0	we had outstanding two candidates amazing people.
0	but at this point i dont care.
0	duarte's tavern where friends meet since 1894.
0	now another nation is facing a genocide.
0	if so how do they justify this?
0	there are many many private coal mines.
0	you can read an excerpt at npr.
0	i don't know what that was about.
0	the occupation though had an unintended effect.
0	oh how big would it's my size.
0	it has its own internal opiate-like substances.
0	i dipped into the deepest darkest depression.
0	and you know that can be cured.
0	day to day returns in a moment.
0	oh man it's a lot of things.
0	you actually started this book years ago.
0	it wasn't really anything specific she said.
0	miley cyrus joins us from los angeles.
0	they're both at our new york bureau.
0	they've actually been planned for several weeks.
0	so it's this amazing amount of color.
0	animal advocate marina terashevska struggles with that.
0	and then these kind of muffled shots.
0	we walked through sagebrush in the backyard.
0	and jesus did his on world hunger.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	mitch thanks very much for the call.
0	come on you're holding the draft up.
0	the chicks are just starting to fly.
0	and we put those into the film.
0	npr's business news starts with retail sales.
0	the short answer is yes she can.
0	they've never come to anything i've had.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	i wander around and talk to people.
0	he's been covering the saga of moviepass.
0	i have a very strong work ethic.
0	activity of showing someone around the home.
0	they butted heads on a few occasions.
0	you can see it from the street.
0	we don't see it as a victory.
0	it's our video pick of the week.
0	the allegations surfaced about 10 months ago.
0	i have no idea who that is.
0	here's stephanie leyden from member station wgbh.
0	so and a couple listeners submitted that.
0	and that whole world that's all gone.
0	adam hendrickson is a recent aerospace grad.
0	we've been sold a bill of goods.
0	why are there so few female magicians?
0	i mean why would that be happening?
0	the eastshore freeway is challenging to navigate.
0	that's karen tumulty of the washington post.
0	but preservation costs a lot of money.
0	he was a contract engineer for atari.
0	and then you just have to work.
0	wow jeff that's a lot to handle.
0	so what are we going to do?
0	it is designed to do exactly that.
0	as a writer i'm the same way.
0	i have one last round of questions.
0	the president is playing along with this.
0	we don't have a house she says.
0	is this common during a presidential transition?
0	but first we turn to max stier.
0	we'll continue to be listening for that.
0	scott walker is an extremely divisive guy.
0	and frankly i didn't want him to.
0	valuing freedom and liberty is pretty universal.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	but so these moths use a proboscis.
0	of course many many vietnamese were killed.
0	i mean let's be honest about this.
0	what is clinton's campaign saying about that?
0	see if anybody was using the lobby.
0	i'm glad you think that was funny.
0	it's a little it's painful to watch.
0	and hopefully some quips from mike gravel.
0	the industry has drilled over 5,000 wells.
0	and so that's where you came in.
0	they're saying that there's discrimination against muslims.
0	well that will be in the pre-trip.
0	sarah pleydell you were nodding there yeah.
0	bank regulators and supervisors were particularly cautious.
0	bugging can be really expensive and difficult.
0	thanks david and stay dry and warm.
0	so lamar let me ask you first.
0	i am looking to relocate to houston.
0	you know they go by both names.
0	so tim eckerle worried about these tariffs.
0	there motto is famously don't be evil.
0	neal conan is in fort myers florida.
0	and tarek el-messidi is with us now.
0	this really isn't very much for me.
0	we ask the great hall-of-famer jim brown.
0	t-shirts are over here free t-shirts guys.
0	she's going to talk to her co-workers.
0	jeff calling from sioux city in iowa.
0	let's go to debbie in layton utah.
0	martin how do you react to that?
0	that range is called the confidence interval.
0	in her case it's the number two.
0	let me give you a few examples.
0	but does this work with any song?
0	it's a pleasure to be here scott.
0	it'll start dripping like raining little pieces.
0	so google was faced with a choice.
0	so i know that people hate gum.
0	which added up to less than $1,000.
0	and that is the challenge in iraq.
0	i have one word of advice mister.
0	union leaders took trump seriously early on.
0	mr. allison thanks for being with us.
0	say that chicken missile really works nifty.
0	the pain in your toes is arthritis.
0	we know what it's like to lose.
0	we did try to adjust for that.
0	people were scared to leave their houses.
0	i'm here for a couple reasons today.
0	the second gender would be afghan women.
0	all my pastors but one were janitors.
0	he did not kneel to pray interestingly.
0	from kansas city laura ziegler has more.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	they put in green tea you know.
0	oral and he would talk for hours.
0	and so that's the number one issue.
0	mitch from is that cairo in michigan?
0	thanks so much for your call larry.
0	phoebe discovered who her real mother was.
0	and you come to the yoruba faith.
0	i don't want to elaborate on that.
0	that's the first time that's ever happened.
0	this of course is kennedy age 12.
0	should those people have to have records?
0	at last count and growing and growing.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	this is the big eid this year.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	what are give me one success story.
0	pine is a big concern in minnesota.
0	and he wanted to make something monumental.
0	you know the mars spirit and opportunity.
0	and here's where the question comes in.
0	are these kids at risk for trafficking?
0	how many children are we talking about?
0	i hated the way this war started.
0	this was a different camp in afghanistan.
0	nick miroff has the story from havana.
0	i have this relationship with my wife.
0	the younger sister's just 5. that's zadie.
0	it wasn't worth buying in for $50.
0	do we think it's at that stage?
0	eunice with us from charlotte north carolina.
0	and they have completely cloaked their identities.
0	why has she been so utterly forgotten?
0	is that a measure of its importance?
0	this is the new york city marathon.
0	they both seem to run in families.
0	audie cornish npr news columbia south carolina.
0	north country public radio's brian mann reports.
0	i started asking them questions you know?
0	torture yourself listening to it you said.
0	perhaps the most important was judy hoback.
0	you obviously you have a mango farm.
0	you can start to hear the sirens.
0	and i'm out there with a gun.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	maybe this conversation will   be as well.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	susan thanks very much for the call.
0	why didn't we hear about this before?
0	yeah also like it kind of worked.
0	and that's another of the alternatives available.
0	and somebody said the president of africa.
0	and that's rarely the case with sports.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but here norman simmonds was a help.
0	it's a tremendous potential for damage   there.
0	the first timelet's talk about the tubes.
0	so i use that as an example.
0	it was kind of hit or miss.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	people here have been eaten by tigers.
0	and i was trying to hold back.
0	and it's really easy to lobby congress.
0	i want to get out of here.
0	david walk us through what's happened here.
0	well john what about the political implications?
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	bonnard teegarden he's retired many years ago.
0	let's go back to wyoming and pete.
0	what are the opportunities for postgraduate study?
0	all i see is crooks and scowls.
0	he joins us now from his office.
0	we haven't quite gotten that far yet.
0	i think that's a very funny program.
0	on your right is an earthen levy.
0	and then there's this reminder of civilization.
0	sometimes the perpetual public meeting turns surreal.
0	her son emiliano would be 23 now.
0	do you have a nuclear power plant?
0	no yafour does not like the women.
0	and he had to move the fence.
0	that's a quick excuse to be used.
0	it's available regardless of your economic means.
0	former deputy secretary of state richard armitage.
0	you survived the attack by the raccoon.
0	kenya had its own currency the shilling.
0	cars sliding by was a huge transition.
0	but these programs are now out there.
0	later in the program a practical wedding.
0	but everyone's been watching their body language.
0	but i suspect people have their theories.
0	the judge chastised him for saying that.
0	wait and what were you all doing?
0	they told norman to think about it.
0	but there are caveats to this study.
0	it is a terrible and mysterious disease.
0	i met maziar in tehran in 1996.
0	i said oh my gosh that's amazing.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	and that's part of   the larger problem.
0	and no birthdays no christmas no nothing.
0	but that's true in any civil proceeding.
0	and we're joined by reverend joseph watkins.
0	so i mean it's situations like that.
0	well that was a very productive deception.
0	again david sousa from the insurance industry.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	lisa pollak's a producer on our show.
0	christman says it's all in good fun.
0	and he was giving him the ball.
0	i'm sorry for harassing the republican officials.
0	you said substantial numbers should be sent.
0	here's an email from hal in oklahoma.
0	he was very smelly irrational at times.
0	it continues to be a train wreck.
0	they think i'm going to use it.
0	but now you made your first decision.
0	basil seggos is chief investigator at   riverkeeper.
0	she's basically tumbling up into the air.
0	another man pipes up from the center.
0	tammy are you continuing to get counseling?
0	but i think everybody should be welcome.
0	he voted for trump in the primary.
0	no no no i was bugging him.
0	the news has been nonstop these days.
0	its chief editor mikhail zygar joins us.
0	fewer corporate jets have been flying lately.
0	they had already talked about us going.
0	it all comes down to malpractice insurance.
0	he's with us from georgia public radio.
0	but these are things we learned ourselves.
0	and medicare doesn't really look at that.
0	do you see any sort of connection?
0	the american-led war in afghanistan is changing.
0	and the commander ended up getting killed.
0	but that's not true for every district.
0	hertlein just got a mortar round fired.
0	and then the hammer that surprised many.
0	and i lived to tell the tale.
0	i no not on that particular comment.
0	let's go to ken in greenville california.
0	npr's tom bowman and npr's tamara keith.
0	iran must abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions.
0	so you were literally in this invasion?
0	wherever we are we listen to it.
0	so to make a long story short.
0	but is the carrot worth the stick?
0	that's where the man's family had died.
0	they're testing for oxygen salinity and chlorophyll.
0	clean water and medical supplies get scarce.
0	and then i decided you know what?
0	so what should they be looking for?
0	think of what we're going to gain.
0	i mean you just walk into photos.
0	and what is it three weeks later?
0	so we'll have to wait and see.
0	you can even find your way home.
0	we've been taking it on the chin.
0	wrigley is a great place to party.
0	but unlike sherlock holmes we're very fallible.
0	and in this case he was right.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	in life he was this great guy.
0	what sort of injuries were you treating?
0	the pkk is the turkish kurdish insurgency.
0	we need everyone to conserve power today.
0	is that part of the concern nationwide?
0	it means different things to different folks.
0	so south africa has a parliamentary system.
0	justice lake how common are wrongful convictions?
0	walter schroeder was a man of accomplishment.
0	npr's deborah amos reports from southern turkey.
0	for syria it's essentially a total ban.
0	and i came out feeling like ok.
0	i didn't have the answers going in.
0	john was a huge outdoorsman very capable.
0	that can be an advantage at times.
0	unfortunately she did not have that opportunity.
0	the rest of the town did not.
0	but the night wasn't getting any easier.
0	that's what he said: boundary pushing innovator.
0	and people had fierce feelings about this.
0	come on people there's 97 chances left.
0	it wouldn't go in the pie plate.
0	yeah i know he lost to lawton.
0	we pull it out of the oven.
0	it looks like it is in jeopardy.
0	and you know what's going to happen?
0	and i'll be back with some menus.
0	and usually courts preserve the status quo.
0	paul clement the solicitor general notified congress.
0	can you tell me about that song?
0	that's what i tried to tell you.
0	his house had a lot of rules.
0	i was transferred to po box 1142.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	and that's one of the two bills.
0	is she taking note of this somehow?
0	make your interrogation as casual as possible.
0	ukraine's interior minister promised a forceful response.
0	but then i won't know the outcome.
0	he said two things in that interview.
0	thank you very very much david kilcullen.
0	they're trying not to get blown up.
0	what did you do during the summers?
0	we're talking with political junkie ken rudin.
0	no no when you were in school.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i mean this is a horrible orgy.
0	it's so so difficult to break that.
0	he suffered the death of a daughter.
0	but david barajas was there eating lunch.
0	and the expression on michael jackson's face?
0	get them out to drowning victims sooner?
0	that is jane brittell the school's principal.
0	in 2012 he had a hip replaced.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	nobody anywhere had ever heard of them.
0	yeah i do talk to the piano.
0	they've only elected one republican since 1967.
0	it totally revolutionized what they could do.
0	but right now my father is perfect.
0	my grandmother was silent about it all.
0	and it wasn't just that one folder.
0	is that a reasonable thing to expect?
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	there were about 15,000 documents in total.
0	in the book you talk about language.
0	but we'd met long before that barbecue.
0	those words from the vice foreign minister.
0	they don't like to be shaken up.
0	a recent poll shows them slipping dramatically.
0	and it's going to be real interesting.
0	so you know media watchdogs can help.
0	that's the main one i'm aware of.
0	geologist paul henshaw explains it this way.
0	if i hit the cymbals by themselves.
0	some do but we're at full employment.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	but once again senate republicans are divided.
0	do you see yourself in that character?
0	it's taken those equity stakes in banks.
0	every week it gets more and   more.
0	a new referendum is up for discussion.
0	april is with us from temecula california.
0	tennessee williams was savaged by critics late.
0	i think the cops are more jumpier.
0	you were an intern at the time.
0	and so there's a musicality to it.
0	outside groups pushing for reform were dissatisfied.
0	she's running for vice president of course.
0	and he goes but i want to.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so it's a play about our country.
0	his client didn't want to do that.
0	i think identity is a big one.
0	and then by 2008 he was opposed.
0	i actually don't see the relevance particularly.
0	she was bleeding and ended up here.
0	and that seems consistent throughout his career.
0	jose becerra works at red door interactive.
0	and people get to know about it.
0	how much can i get away with?
0	find throughline anywhere you listen to podcasts.
0	what does the president want to do?
0	and they have reasons to be dissatisfied.
0	no that's not the reason at all.
0	and that's part of the project too.
0	and they said well make it work.
0	all i wanted to do is leave.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	quality i mean that's up to judgment.
0	neurologist jennifer kwon had their lab results.
0	and he joins us now from cambridge.
0	this is a poem by lisa buscani.
0	this is just a moment in time.
0	they knew potentially these users were affected.
0	i'll   take my answer off the air.
0	i'm never going to cheat my players.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	casey thanks very much for the call.
0	we'll let you hear that as well.
0	he's saying the municipalities helped a lot.
0	and we're talking about a gigapixel image.
0	beck do you get that reaction sometimes?
0	and delivering bad news was even worse.
0	i prepare my marines for that eventuality.
0	janice thanks very much for the call.
0	i'm coming to see it july 10th.
0	so comstock has that going for him.
0	jack's name was scribbled into a blank.
0	and that was not on the word.
0	we usually go up as a pair.
0	they do not believe in civil disobedience.
0	i never had that as a kid.
0	they made more calls did more interviews.
0	what'd your mom think of the film?
0	we have to take a   short break.
0	he's become he quips a water refugee.
0	well the u.n. had a huge role.
0	ok because that was kind of lame.
0	what do you got next for us?
0	she wasn't offended by it at all.
0	so suddenly the big question has changed.
0	i guess the shock has set in.
0	but nasem's case was the most extreme.
0	and facebook sell that information to them?
0	and she was still at the camp.
0	no we said that about preaching too.
0	forty-one-year-old clifton lyles is ready for them.
0	she was screaming and shouting and crying.
0	and the owners agreed to the prices.
0	and nobody had money to buy anything.
0	and i watched everybody take the test.
0	tom is a regular on our program.
0	tom thanks so much for coming by.
0	well there needs to be life counseling.
0	the situation escalated like it always did.
0	he's currently in custody in sacramento california.
0	she and mom still exchange christmas cards.
0	she appointed more votes to the committee.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	it doesn't look likely at this point.
0	i  yeah that's really a good point.
0	the crowd is starting to break up.
0	many small businesses will take those amounts.
0	he's the architect of indiana's voucher law.
0	and ultimately the democrats control the product.
0	what do you charge a small percentage?
0	you mentioned southwest or we did earlier.
0	mehra's brother is also a known salafist.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	one time they had a small leak.
0	small under-funded and willing to take risks.
0	i think we'll get it sort of.
0	so they feel quite good about it.
0	lourdes garcia navarro npr news mexico city.
0	but she actually healed this little boy.
0	so that was quite a turn too.
0	how low can these frustrated liberals sink?
0	the team includes paul volcker among others.
0	and it raises a more significant point.
0	ceo david nahai says rationing is next.
0	yesterday we introduced you to tananarive due.
0	and that's what feynman wanted to do.
0	there's been a huge amount of that.
0	what has he done with that money?
0	what else can you say about it?
0	hillary clinton is very good at it.
0	i just find that to be reprehensible.
0	yeah that's one of my biggest problems.
0	and i said i don't recall exactly.
0	i think that's the right count yeah.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and this is what mccowan told us.
0	so this is just one more idea.
0	it's mostly women working at the camp.
0	wal-mart is opening a store a week.
0	so people just wanted to extend lives.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	and we take 61-megapixel images per second.
0	and they have a very punitive response.
0	let me ask you to hold on.
0	thanks for having me on your show.
0	but as time passes i become veteran.
0	mr. sanneh joins me from new york.
0	we found multiple single parents renting houses.
0	we'll probably send him a letter back.
0	you didn't ask him about that stuff.
0	in early days they move us around.
0	is that going to solve anything jimi?
0	this move wasn't just to coddle customers.
0	oh i might also be mispronouncing it.
0	i stay in wallet long long time.
0	are you set on somebody right now?
0	bridget what are your thoughts on this?
0	we have jim koch on the line.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	it's their perception of the satisfaction guarantee.
0	bob thanks very much for the call.
0	well then it that gets really scary.
0	we don't know the shooter's motive but.
0	this is the definition of a hierarchy.
0	let me just play a little bit.
0	why are you only dealing with songs?
0	i was just showing up to class.
0	our guide on this cold windy day?
0	the government barely works at any level.
0	you spoke with several people there today.
0	always good to talk to you bob.
0	let's walk through a couple of these.
0	most have escaped to syria and jordan.
0	which is more difficult to getwell anyway.
0	he gets showcased at south by southwest.
0	and he ended up at this restaurant.
0	now wimbledon isn't really equipped for that.
0	you know you live for these moments.
0	he they can't do it for him.
0	the upscale lakeview neighborhood was underwater too.
0	they need president trump for these initiatives.
0	that support is not forthcoming right now.
0	so i said i was changing planes.
0	so i say where have you been?
0	they're traumatized from too many explosive-filled nights.
0	but it's full coverage in the back.
0	well let me ask him my question.
0	and that was a very recent case.
0	that is after suspects ignore two warnings.
0	and what if it really starts raining?
0	i thought we were past all this.
0	the guitarist chris partyka was most affected.
0	the next 48 hours were the worst.
0	npr news analyst juan williams is here.
0	so these are real issues real hurdles.
0	i was actually wavering in the blocks.
0	i love being on the city council.
0	is there an issue that's driving you?
0	and i think that's the attracting point.
0	it was like a sold-out arena tour.
0	so how will you know who's won?
0	she says i have her number memorized.
0	its electricity is more off than on.
0	baghdad sewage and garbage collection are terrible.
0	desnay can you hear us all right?
0	and it is crazy- soap opera crazy.
0	and so thanks for making the film.
0	you work with these guys every day.
0	what did these federal prosecutors supposedly do?
0	lee hale npr news salt lake city.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	i mean they   had this billion-dollar program.
0	what happened next is ac after charlotte.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and feynman was nothing if not fearless.
0	it's this american life from wbez chicago.
0	actually now they're all in new hampshire.
0	they're like y'all dug it up yet?
0	i've never seen one burn this color.
0	so i would just react to everything.
0	does it offer real options for voters?
0	what about today as you go forward?
0	andy beshear is kentucky's state attorney general.
0	let's ask everybody else to sing along.
0	you just hadn't thought of it before.
0	sergeant thanks very much for joining us.
0	but there's another layer to the story.
0	it has to be a political solution.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	you can find its website at modestneeds.
0	reverend jerry maynard introduces the special guest.
0	and he's an icon to both sides.
0	and that's what it felt reading this.
0	me and my dad are really close.
0	at the lower elevations they have moisture.
0	the thing is people think i'm patient.
0	here we are on navy pier ira.
0	if it ain't broke don't fix it.
0	there is a sliver of good news.
0	but on the streets of new york.
0	but tony here's the hypocrisy of it.
0	they're not always a gentleman about it.
0	ya'll sure you got the right person?
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	isn't that what we define science as?
0	today on our show sink or swim.
0	well michael thank you for that call.
0	he met them early at the hotel.
0	now from the micro to the macro.
0	you know was it much worse then?
0	you know i wouldn't want to negotiate.
0	coming up a super gets a crush.
0	now that's a good homecoming as well.
0	to learn more we called lynn stout.
0	catherine with us from vancouver in washington.
0	to today's ceos that sounds ridiculously small.
0	earlier in germany and didn't work so.
0	did you torture both men and women?
0	it didn't have to happen that way.
0	here's chris another tenant in the building.
0	how does this change what you do?
0	and now we have a criminal investigation.
0	i definitely remember his cattle ranch stories.
0	media economics no longer favors field reporting.
0	but that didn't mean they weren't worthy.
0	but of course it's impossible to know.
0	the proposed new standards would end that.
0	you can also go to our website.
0	would you submit that for the record?
0	there are a lot of reasons why.
0	but mr. alvear explains it makes sense.
0	and immediately something clicked on the inside.
0	and that's what he plans to do.
0	this was also true of their children.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	but a store manager cho ah-jin says.
0	i'm not an incumbent member of congress.
0	you're listening to an npr news special.
0	he talks about issues like the environment.
0	thanks very much for the call steve.
0	for her faith in god was sustaining.
0	everything else they tried did not work.
0	in the debate or of in general?
0	so but now indonesia is wide open.
0	and it's your chance to weigh in.
0	the democrat he'll run against remains unclear.
0	you will find yourself in terrible debt.
0	yes that is something that is separate.
0	so what are you going to do?
0	the pair watched laruffa for two nights.
0	gault says we shouldn't hold our breath.
0	what do you want me to say?
0	the entire nation is depressed right now.
0	we can have that kind of conversation.
0	she's even gone back to being muslim.
0	even on this sort of pro-woman network?
0	how much of an issue is that?
0	so police do carry out revenge killings.
0	sylvia thanks so much for joining us.
0	sylvia thanks so much for joining us.
0	we're talking about the heart of beijing.
0	and i was like stop doing that.
0	what's it going to do for you?
0	now you just mentioned the king's reforms.
0	i didn't want to see him dead.
0	and this is going to be margarita.
0	her perspective would've been invaluable here today.
0	so this was a bustle of civilization.
0	we've got lynn calling from northern california.
0	and that is not going to happen.
0	we respect the results of the election.
0	well give an example if you would.
0	the first one of them goes down.
0	because well i only like certain people.
0	especially it seems in the political world.
0	i have great faith in law enforcement.
0	yeah i want her to be her.
0	and he just didn't agree with that.
0	it really kind of livens the senses.
0	well that's a very good thought there.
0	how does this ascendancy affect other countries?
0	well talking about today iran is shiite.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	but that's not what happened last night.
0	you have no children is that right?
0	they were told there was nothing left.
0	so they went home in body bags.
0	you see the republicans had a plan.
0	it was a strange world down there.
0	it was called a memorandum and notification.
0	act three the lessons of tomorrow today.
0	we'll tell you how after the break.
0	is it a fiberglass product normally or.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	he's host of our podcast rough translation.
0	i have acted dishonestly stupidly and unlawfully.
0	i want to watch a regular show.
0	he even asked a couple of questions.
0	nobody is on record saying he's al-qaeda.
0	what's the problem that you see there?
0	are you going to let me go?
0	who is us and who is them?
0	that is what we've seen all along.
0	they were not giving us those rights.
0	well that is a really problematical one.
0	and let me tell you something else.
0	we'll be right back after this message.
0	and people started to tape their windows.
0	the pulses look like blue smoke rings.
0	the energy market is a trillion-dollar-a-year market.
0	the only thing worse is the buzzing.
0	and he's doing a very good job.
0	the question is how to do it.
0	the numbers are bad in every way.
0	so that's one argument i would make.
0	they're going to do it by age.
0	are you thinking yet of lessons learned?
0	they're congregating around a few key principles.
0	again peter neufeld of the innocence project.
0	and they don't want to go again.
0	michael what about the republicans and african-americans?
0	what brings you there in the aftermath?
0	these are hard   things to work with.
0	the gulf war is a perfect example.
0	or the red cross will do it.
0	i had four years as a chairman.
0	it's impossible to know what he says.
0	but we did all we could do.
0	and radio kind of lost that war.
0	and i'm not ashamed to admit it.
0	my dad liked to watch cop shows.
0	and that is the key ethical question.
0	as if i know osama bin laden.
0	so your shirt could be a battery.
0	this is the law chinese law right?
0	she says they wanted to start again.
0	she couldn't take another year of turmoil.
0	so i think his plan is responsible.
0	it was set entirely in 1621 plymouth.
0	and the answer was fort lauderdale florida.
0	the players of course are completely different.
0	to be clear let's start with this.
0	all right i'll take this spells disaster.
0	we can't let that stop us cold.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	do you remember where you were standing?
0	certainly a few on the right but.
0	and we are talking about iraqi policemen.
0	and donna you were right to check.
0	the biggest problem is they're way young.
0	it's not that i'm above the medium.
0	i do if that's what it'll take.
0	and they got an $800 tax return.
0	hope to see you soon lilly torres.
0	two million syrians are outside the country.
0	is it really going to change things?
0	but not every company does those tests.
0	to read an excerpt go to npr.
0	next up was developing an ad campaign.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	and i felt really bad about it.
0	i asked him what his priorities are.
0	how did i or when did i?
0	because it gains you respect from people.
0	and you put your finger on it.
0	it's just a sad situation you know?
0	well there is a long story there.
0	i don't know what the criticism is.
0	so eyder tell me about ethnic tension.
0	so it was just a quick question.
0	so here's what i wrote to strobe.
0	they're worried about the weather getting worse.
0	nintendo hasn't gone the vr route yet.
0	i'm assuming you also have an amber.
0	they can't climb back over the track.
0	right now they don't have a candidate.
0	what's the u.s. commitment to afghanistan now?
0	you want to be here for real.
0	coffee is a person by the way.
0	i told her she was being ridiculous.
0	another is the amoud foundation a-m-o-u-d www.
0	i mean i'm not a legal expert.
0	uptown is an italian restaurant called polpette.
0	he was found guilty in his appeal.
0	she found him drunk in a bar.
0	and he says it makes you paranoid.
0	how about we wait a couple months?
0	i don't know what's wrong with me.
0	and i think it fully energizes him.
0	tom welcome back to day to day.
0	i'm not talking about all the muslims.
0	the government cut this farmer's water off.
0	we tried the case in new york.
0	the only problem with that is fate.
0	my son is dying in my hand.
0	so the government's hands were effectively tied.
0	and that is a lot more expensive.
0	we don't need to ram it through.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they sold people over and over again.
0	he's here with us in the newseum.
0	and it didn't happen by random occurrence.
0	yes what an amazing group of girls.
0	and that's what happened in nebraska yesterday.
0	but that was a bad situation too.
0	they're like little time capsules those shows.
0	well now at least we know better.
0	is it football or is it soccer?
0	well i really don't think it is.
0	but they're going to take some convincing.
0	ahmadinejad is a theocratic totalitarian genocidal maniac.
0	without a doubt it's a landmark reform.
0	sam franco hates that accordion oom-pah beat.
0	and they will likely survive this one.
0	i've got a lot of irish friends.
0	here's what she remembers about november 28th.
0	the agents thought davila was smuggling drugs.
0	and there were some quite specific features.
0	it's got that little bit more special.
0	but such moments do not make legislation.
0	what's changed and what is your story?
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	but that was hardly their only challenge.
0	did you have negative ideas about it?
0	you are furthering everything you are against.
0	why would we why would we not?
0	i would never do that to mythelf!
0	so from them i never return home.
0	i've never seen you laugh so hard.
0	so i think democrats do have leverage.
0	the water's just coming   over the top.
0	all right just leave it right there.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	you don't know what you're talking about.
0	and i'm joanna kakissis in nicosia cyprus.
0	i engaged in banter that was consensual.
0	you know cops just drive into communities.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and of course all important the springs.
0	i think you should just be yourself.
0	i just left and never went back.
0	i have to say it is 127.
0	i mean it's just a nostalgic smell.
0	these are events that occurred years back.
0	and i talked to victoria about that.
0	it's just a tree for new year.
0	first i wanted to be a businessperson.
0	here's where the limousine loophole comes in.
0	more on that after a short break.
0	go and eat some ham now ed.
0	i have a pair on right now.
0	i was referring to him like that.
0	it's disappoint npr did not mention this.
0	but he has managed to sustain it.
0	mohammed rahman runs the kwik meal cart.
0	can you tell us something about that?
0	but john jack wants to change that.
0	we've never had a tragedy like this.
0	ordinarily that's what i see the case.
0	i think a issue is also wages.
0	i   mean some of them are young.
0	so how do you get him anyway?
0	the printed world is rapidly going digital.
0	there's a million of them aren't there.
0	fred von lohmann let me ask you.
0	he ultimately did not make the run.
0	the bill calls for stronger warning labels.
0	mitsuko uchida is preparing to record it.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	it's like having a little virtual friend.
0	it is really hard to live here.
0	and therefore prices are very very low.
0	so in the meantime you're just waiting.
0	sounds like i stumped you on that.
0	let me get this timer going here.
0	and a girl is in his room.
0	unfortunately he was sent back to holland.
0	yes sir how are you guys doing?
0	and then they all get put together.
0	he joined us today from npr west.
0	she's taken a second job in retail.
0	is it mostly younger people like you?
0	i do have a question for will.
0	this is the first time that's happened.
0	will sheff joins me now from boston.
0	thank you all for being here today.
0	that's what musician will sheff did recently.
0	thank you good to be with you.
0	i haven't looked that far into it.
0	there's direct flights from here to europe.
0	and let's go to mike in westchester.
0	michael thanks very much for the call.
0	caller number two i think it is.
0	does our moon have a magnetic field?
0	you know he was my absolute hero.
0	actually i couldn't hear him say that.
0	tom how big a deal is this?
0	they want to impose their own values.
0	i think you can make that case.
0	and i will take my answer offline.
0	botswana's   economy grew rapidly under your leadership.
0	her husband is professor of baghdad university.
0	one is that they are undersampling republicans.
0	andy bowers is a slate senior editor.
0	npr news analyst juan williams was there.
0	i'm enjoying the show a lot neal.
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	let me say two things to that.
0	how is her government letting this happen?
0	so what does that even look like?
0	i appreciate your conversation very much today.
0	it felt like this beautiful golden cloud.
0	let me ask you first joe davidson.
0	angie thanks very much for the call.
0	these are all 5 and 10-acre parcels.
0	oh yeah because they're two different people.
0	well sasha was a character for sure.
0	they've put all-new bike lanes in there.
0	i have a questionit's davidif i could.
0	all right for mr. romney right now.
0	tanya wright lives on the   floor below.
0	explain that what you mean by that.
0	it sounds like a pretty innovative approach.
0	so they're not going to suggest that.
0	tell me how she gets a job?
0	you're proud of this country right now.
0	good to have you with us john.
0	and i've got to say i'm surprised.
0	would i mean are the police done?
0	jack hanna joins us after the break.
0	and we need to get it right.
0	it's just a different kind of work.
0	we had those resources ready staged nearby.
0	women did not come out in droves.
0	she's starting to rise back up again.
0	and let's hear from jeffrey in cincinnati.
0	fabiane says though those promises quickly evaporated.
0	as i say again our number 1-800-989-8255.
0	well no i'd rather not think that.
0	my pleasure neal good to be here.
0	i saw people that did get hurt.
0	scott carrier is part of the radiocollectivehearingvoices.
0	there's just some things i shouldn't say.
0	it's something that comes with the territory.
0	lulu garcia-navarro npr news rio de janeiro.
0	your brother-in-law was not trained in conservation.
0	so his probing just feels like criticism.
0	i am not giving up on dps.
0	how are you marking the day today?
0	i haven't seen that in a while.
0	i'm glad to hear this segment here.
0	that all changed about a month ago.
0	right so this is the thing  right?
0	we're going to take a call now.
0	but they're not going to shrink right?
0	kurt eichenwald author of conspiracy of fools.
0	it's great to be with you ari.
0	do you think that assessment is accurate?
0	he quit his job as a cook.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and this shows who we are really.
0	people are throwing money all the time.
0	remember leona helmsley the queen of mean?
0	that's exactly the way i perceive it.
0	at some point most people feel lonely.
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	he's broke and jesse won't date losers.
0	robert in jacksonville florida go right ahead.
0	john wilcockson welcome to day to day.
0	a texas newspaper came up with court-stripping.
0	you want to keep it relatively liquid.
0	it's like a cat and mouse game.
0	first and foremost we must defeat isis.
0	i should be able to do this.
0	can you tell me what's happening there?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	well i mean there's certainly strong suggestions.
0	that is by far the most famous.
0	yes i think there is a surprise.
0	both of these strands rely on trust.
0	they want to start over in germany.
0	well the prayers do remain the same.
0	we are deeply rooted in our country.
0	and we'll certainly be involved in it.
0	is there more that we can do?
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	i was more concerned with her things.
0	yes there is a lot of stress.
0	the situation is better day after day.
0	what's the likelihood of that actually happening?
0	is this like exceptionally hard this week?
0	he ended up finishing second both times.
0	did they get them from terry thompson?
0	it's a series produced by anna boiko-weyrauch.
0	and it's true about florida as well.
0	they also levy a 15 percent tax.
0	from member station wfae michael tomsic reports.
0	what's your favorite part of the movie?
0	he really has an experience with that.
0	some are dealing with injuries even ptsd.
0	the captain shouts fan out fan out.
0	and we'll begin in syracuse new york.
0	inside syria i think people are mixed.
0	percussionist and bandleader ray barretto has died.
0	and mara let's start with the basics.
0	it was uncoordinated and it was incoherent.
0	she's a political correspondent for switzerland radio.
0	and this zoo has done so much.
0	there was inflation and an oil crisis.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	well that's the best story of all.
0	more now on federalism and the environment.
0	what else does 4844 call for specifically?
0	so what are some of your favorites?
0	no that's an obligation that you have.
0	that's our video pick of the week.
0	now miguel for his part is 63.
0	they're not going to send them back.
0	it wasn't always like this for me.
0	well that's how it played itself out.
0	it's still a hard thing to describe.
0	there's a lot and they shoot ink.
0	we've talked about protest and crackdowns before.
0	he was going to lose new york.
0	tell us about this experiment at fermilab.
0	but they are few and far between.
0	that's all i was told by hr.
0	the bank says it's investigating those claims.
0	susan's calling us from denver in colorado.
0	i'm happy to be on the show.
0	well those are two very different fights.
0	juarez is the murder capital of mexico.
0	just rage on the other side yeah.
0	and it should not be a priority.
0	and after that they went out west.
0	so how did this idea come about?
0	she recalls reports from her son's preschool.
0	and it's time to play the puzzle.
0	he may even run for statewide office.
0	how did the crowds react to him?
0	it has burned more than 8,000 acres.
0	but i don't know what that means.
0	right now there is no peace process.
0	oliver's father represents everything that oliver isn't.
0	but i think this will wash away.
0	and it becomes an enormous jigsaw puzzle.
0	i made him sign a few contracts.
0	the overall national vote was very close.
0	we also see buses with wheelchair lifts.
0	michael meyers pick up on that point.
0	and joel to start why these resignations?
0	now you're a veteran public policy official.
0	i mean there's limited electricity and water.
0	if the crops fail they go hungry.
0	but we rode on tour buses together.
0	when i say edward you say cullen.
0	so this is how i defined it.
0	it's about making bonds and breaking bonds.
0	more of your calls in a moment.
0	it doesn't like ever ever being alone.
0	are people taking you up on it?
0	npr's quil lawrence in baghdad thank you.
0	what do you hear hearing your performance?
0	yeah it doesn't work out too well.
0	taking that first ride is what's hard.
0	well we are certainly facilitating a dialogue.
0	i haven't a clue how to dance.
0	stacey welcome to talk of the nation.
0	we just have a few seconds bob.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	it's just awesome and they're all gorgeous!
0	she joins us from chicago public radio.
0	if you're a dentist you're in mediocrestan.
0	talk a little bit about his concerns.
0	everywhere you look it's obama obama obama.
0	instead martha heaves it onto her head.
0	what was his route around the world?
0	although possession is nine-tenths of the law.
0	tell us a bit about your test.
0	did the trouble in the economy change?
0	he's doing even better among white women.
0	and he was quite indignant about it.
0	they weren't leading to a criminal investigation.
0	that's more a characteristic of baseball itself.
0	don't we want to make america safer?
0	what about going beyond the space station?
0	he's a senior aide to the president.
0	together we can get america moving again.
0	georgia is extremely important for both parties.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	i'll take my question off the air.
0	i mean nobody believes in communism anymore.
0	the fighting by all accounts was fierce.
0	they're running the episodes on saturday night.
0	and this woman has got 14 kids.
0	instead they constitute a far-sighted safety valve.
0	he joined us here in the studio.
0	there's a reason why people use oil.
0	but it is definitely embarrassing for germany.
0	in may the court sided with pratten.
0	their world's kind of tear them apart.
0	what does the training say to do?
0	they are out to preserve our race.
0	i mean there's nothing wrong with that.
0	that was some people argued that yeah.
0	it gets into the weeds quite quickly.
0	they talk about that all the   time.
0	we went out and toward the camp.
0	npr correspondent rob gifford took that trip.
0	it's like a giving kind of thing.
0	thuy has donated her eggs four times.
0	and i loved working for president obama.
0	a movie was made about that too.
0	the company counts that as $1.6 billion.
0	and i know you're a science writer.
0	on the rs message trumped the money.
0	i mean it's just a massive undertaking.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	here is another listener asking about history.
0	the resurrection means new life to us.
0	and he does raise an historical point.
0	why is senator edwards not doing well?
0	trisha's calling us from charlottesville in virginia.
0	it's just one of those unreal stories.
0	she's always everybody's out to gotcha her.
0	my mother and my brother walked out.
0	and they took us to their house.
0	your mom is taking care of you.
0	you mean so it's a reusable spacecraft?
0	it's a pleasure to be here mate.
0	that's senator bob corker republican of tennessee.
0	youre you grew up in a restaurant.
0	he's actually not that good at it.
0	why is oliver's father his arch enemy?
0	visco pauses looking for the right words.
0	i didn't have a tolerance for it.
0	he is one of the two answers.
0	we're going to put him on hold.
0	and that relationship will grow stronger still.
0	they were small and almond-shaped and green.
0	the people coming in are heavily non-white.
0	mohammed yusef is carrying a big stick.
0	let us know why or why not.
0	it's a delicate situation for the school.
0	apparently they reached   out across party lines.
0	and several key systems weren't on board.
0	a perfect landing in the pacific ocean.
0	you can find those numbers at npr.
0	every year it ticks a little more.
0	it's one thing to get me excited.
0	it's an important aspect of all this.
0	and your monthly food stamp allocation now?
0	turkey's an important ally part of nato.
0	that's jimmy breslin from a 2004 interview.
0	here's npr's farai chideya with your comments.
0	but there's also something else going on.
0	brigadier general kristin french addresses the candidates.
0	how would you enforce a border then?
0	and two years later he hired me.
0	but it's i think is very true.
0	anything can happen in those 34 days.
0	so for us indonesians we're very thankful.
0	they also include thousands of political supporters.
0	president george w. bush: i just answered.
0	steven was i right about john wheeler?
0	carla hall i love talking to you.
0	certainly they would have easily accepted austria.
0	last week we spoke with paul krugman.
0	and i think my results were mixed.
0	let's go to steve in modesto california.
0	that should come with a defibrillator too.
0	that's npr's ofeibea quist-arcton in south africa.
0	certainly cuba comes into that as well.
0	i you see that's the tricky part.
0	so 25 years after democracy it's maturing.
0	well it has to be in manhattan.
0	and npr's phil harrell has this profile.
0	but i think you are still good.
0	the browns have said they have weapons.
0	but there are men who have announced.
0	and god knows they need construction workers.
0	i say that with pure journalistic integrity.
0	and is our friend randy adams right?
0	the universe today is very very big.
0	have you talked to any of them?
0	how much of them really remained classified?
0	at least 38 people are reported dead.
0	well i'm not familiar with that one.
0	we should take care of our communities.
0	how do you foresee this situation resolving?
0	and prodigy argues we're not the publisher.
0	it was donald trump's night in cleveland.
0	it looks like a giant space peanut.
0	i was pretty impressed with that too.
0	now it wants to change its image.
0	thank you and good to be here.
0	npr's juana summers has gathered some examples.
0	you know it's in an infant stage.
0	they are settled on a toxic   wasteland.
0	he tags it and lets it go.
0	visiting team dad steve lovett does not.
0	but the science doesn't bear this out.
0	what are the limits of executive power?
0	it's difficult to say everything you want.
0	spent fuel is not necessarily all waste.
0	salaam fayyad is the palestinian prime minister.
0	and it becomes this other textured thing.
0	he said he was at the bathroom.
0	these khmer rouge they kill like hitler.
0	do you want me to stop recording?
0	thank you i'm happy to be here.
0	a fifth have serious problems with alcohol.
0	leslie in las vegas writes an email.
0	but he has to wait for that.
0	tamara keith npr news the white house.
0	he has a parliamentary election coming up.
0	let me take this to you susanna.
0	i call it the rigged witch hunt.
0	i mean i still don't get it.
0	deeds has been playing defense some too.
0	in 2012 mitt romney won 6 percent.
0	you're serving about 5,000 patients a year.
0	but things are still complicated right james?
0	he had nothing to do with it.
0	he's a single father in his 30s.
0	the problem here is one of price.
0	npr's karen grigsby bates has this remembrance.
0	quite simply it was east over west.
0	it can vary hugely on the inside.
0	it also extends the child tax credit.
0	suzanne calling from south bend in indiana.
0	it's where the author mackenzie herself lives.
0	i don't even know how to swim.
0	that's always been a natural american characteristic.
0	i'm going back almost empty-handed she says.
0	well simply put he wants more money.
0	he clicks on one the audio files.
0	he's selling music cds to 20-something customers.
0	yesterday kpbs sent out this hopeful note.
0	nasa's new horizons passed by ultima thule.
0	you have to understand what's going on.
0	can you move to a better spot?
0	it's what students learn in accounting 101.
0	linda wertheimer npr news manchester new hampshire.
0	now the obama campaign is pushing back.
0	here's an email from sisheer in minneapolis.
0	so do priorities change after the midterms?
0	and i could go on and on.
0	it may not be a matisse either.
0	and there are timelines there's interactive information.
0	your excellency you are in new york.
0	well the goal is to create jobs.
0	their electric bikes start at about $1,000.
0	well nobody wanted to see that show.
0	tens of thousands lined up in detroit.
0	and last but not least corey ealons.
0	tom spiggle a virginia employment attorney agrees.
0	how is the cold affecting the shelter?
0	you may also need a strong stomach.
0	she joined us from her office there.
0	so what are concerts like in brazil?
0	you can find a link at npr.
0	they after all gave you the aqueduct.
0	mr. trump would care about my child.
0	that's npr's mara liasson here in cleveland.
0	are you one those january sun worshipers?
0	but the aquarium has hit some snags.
0	we can only guess what   that's about.
0	she deserves a lot of the blame.
0	this includes hate radio and text messages.
0	today's announcement was not a legal requirement.
0	we'll be right back don't go away.
0	would you please explain this to me?
0	well congressman let me look forward here.
0	so it's unclear what will happen there.
0	i think it's always a balancing act.
0	it's absolutely beautiful and an amazing place.
0	former congressman barney frank thanks so much.
0	well he was always uncomfortable with it.
0	we must reform our criminal justice system.
0	hamza's body was returned on may 25th.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	what if you don't have a chimney?
0	it's undoubtedly going to be a sell-out.
0	this is all at our blog npr.
0	that box came straight from the kremlin.
0	it was a little hit and miss.
0	mayor karen weaver thank you very much.
0	and that's an ongoing process you know.
0	she's like well i've got to leave.
0	you know and that's been the problem.
0	it's offered by day one a non-profit.
0	and this is talk of the nation.
0	and actually it's one of those things.
0	the reinforcements being a case of scotch.
0	many head small organizations they started themselves.
0	bobs afros and of course the mullet.
0	i'm not i'm just a visitor here.
0	kelly thanks so much for joining us.
0	democratic appointees now actually outnumber republican appointees.
0	ira can i add one more thing?
0	dave thanks very much for the call.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the rest are being held without charge.
0	what did they do to my tomatoes?
0	kevin thanks very much for the call.
0	you know they're in things like android.
0	gitesh pandya is the editor of boxofficeguru.
0	and you've always been stable throughout everything.
0	for instance from budapest to new york.
0	his uncles invite me into their compound.
0	we're into all the exact same music.
0	they both though have denied the allegations.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we don't particularly like all the rhetoric.
0	at last we have a stable government.
0	and in that they were astonishingly successful.
0	they were armed by the local sheriff.
0	so you saw a play about this?
0	what do you do with these men?
0	and i think that offended some people.
0	but they also have giant investment portfolios.
0	mark fields ford's president of the americas.
0	i want to be a lasting impression.
0	so i helped mom packed some things.
0	that's beyond my knowledge and my expertise.
0	in ohio this really isn't about payback.
0	so that's why you have this misimpression.
0	he is editor in chief of lawfare.
0	i just wanted to let everybody know.
0	our coverage starts with npr's chris arnold.
0	well that's a big question david kiley.
0	let's not wait for the federal government.
0	i mean they've been driving other cars.
0	might that be a problem for republicans?
0	you get what you pay for right?
0	now why would i pull them out?
0	i think you just let it happen.
0	and yes they had received my information.
0	it's like a new way to church.
0	but it wasn't a complete wipe out.
0	they're named the mars exploration rovers okay?
0	some of us suffer from sleep disorders.
0	we've got to be a multi-ethnic party.
0	i think that it's slowly going down.
0	it's not something where you should complain.
0	he didn't know who the cbc was.
0	what kind of test are you offering?
0	steve coll thank you for joining us.
0	we will have our education funding impacted.
0	we chose to just send the leadership.
0	i have a unique perspective that's two-pronged.
0	matthew waxman teaches law at columbia university.
0	the five carat ruby is from malawi.
0	thank you very much for your interest.
0	and that's something the president readily admits.
0	many of my husband's sermons were taped.
0	it's not just his son's hockey program.
0	they've been through this whole process before.
0	it'd be like advocating for global warming.
0	what's unclear is where those imaginings lead.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	tamara keith npr news the white house.
0	bernie thanks very much for the call.
0	category number two is terms in baseball.
0	philip berrigan belonged to the josephite order.
0	it's spelled that way b-l-i-n-k-a-h its bahston.
0	npr's frank langfitt joins us from london.
0	where'd the name copper crow come from?
0	no this one is very very resistant.
0	this bottle is going to be big.
0	he's not in any hurry for that.
0	and it's readily available in our community.
0	billboard didn't come up with those numbers.
0	any idea how many meals a day?
0	it was third base triple play tag.
0	israelis need to see a better explanation.
0	and he wouldn't face up to that.
0	church member lindy eisenberg showed me around.
0	some involve science but some are political.
0	our guest is retired colonel gary anderson.
0	would i have gotten a better answer?
0	but now some indians are fighting back.
0	i mean there's definitely some weaving behavior.
0	that seems to be a far-removed example.
0	make sure you have your bags tagged.
0	well i suppose i have two hopes.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	here's an email from allen milwaukee wisconsin.
0	it's going on i mean occurring now.
0	let's turn to mississippi big southern test.
0	that's npr national political correspondent don gonyea.
0	how's it working so far mr. miller?
0	we get details from npr's scott horsley.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and in a sense she's an example.
0	it was probably unconsolidated maybe fluffy material.
0	kelsey thanks so much and merry christmas.
0	they didn't need to be juiced up.
0	martin is trying to get   their attention.
0	i can't believe it's been 25 years.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	the new technique isn't limited to hair.
0	we'll do the same thing in columbus.
0	this year's winner is the ford f-150.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	and the number for democrats is 800-344-3864.
0	how does she get drawn into this?
0	we are joined now by tom roeder.
0	her most distinguishing feature: waist-length reddish-blond hair.
0	as i have badly on this program.
0	that quote was taken out of context.
0	oh well and particularly in new york.
0	it's like a feather on their cap.
0	that quiktrip later burned to the ground.
0	npr's noah adams updating us from washington.
0	a fiery peace in a cold war.
0	what exactly is abbas looking for here?
0	and the edits are hitting off rhythm.
0	so there is a time lag there.
0	and it's turned into a racial issue.
0	i mean certainly does he get mad?
0	are you seeing any of that now?
0	it was really as simple as that.
0	how would you describe your strategy here?
0	hi neal thanks for taking my call.
0	and that's what i've tried to do.
0	good to have you with us richard.
0	what do we know about those options?
0	but what i would say is this.
0	it was a very good insurance plan.
0	and you probably know how those work.
0	from member station whyy joel rose reports.
0	the islamic state also supports fighters' families.
0	they emphasize oil not the political boundaries.
0	other reasons to want to be independent?
0	thanks very much for the call kevin.
0	the government hopes that will save energy.
0	neither of them were experienced intelligence professionals.
0	they'll vote on proposed new rules today.
0	that's what wade rathke told us too.
0	and the insurgency has been growing worse.
0	stan greenberg says republicans are not fragmenting.
0	well let's talk about jordan and egypt.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and ken you look at secretary clinton.
0	that's a sign of a unique situation.
0	jenny is a former wall street executive.
0	minority input almost always makes legislation better.
0	all the stuff you're supposed to have.
0	this seems like such a hopeless situation.
0	you don't know what hog jowls are.
0	things seemed to be going pretty well.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he also plays on the hockey team.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	sealed with a loving kiss as well.
0	it was a really a sad day.
0	congressman ron paul of texas who is.
0	we don't have comparable information on marijuana.
0	indeed npr's eleanor beardsley thanks very much.
0	i felt they weren't doing their job.
0	i think 57 years old right now.
0	yeah the employees will be generously compensated.
0	mack is the ceo of morgan stanley.
0	well we sold about 90,000 units worldwide.
0	oscar welcome to talk of the nation.
0	how many girls did she actually interview?
0	nyu new york university came in fourth.
0	it's close to a number of freeways.
0	i still have those problems you know?
0	and it just seems to me that.
0	i think people were very fed up.
0	for what purpose does the gentlelady rise?
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	god you don't want them to die.
0	it depends on who you talk to.
0	he opens his eyes and looks around.
0	clint have you talked to a mechanic?
0	and i think about that a lot.
0	you know wheat is a pretty crop.
0	but he also knew it was necessary.
0	they spend the night in sleeping bags.
0	i called your red phone hasina says.
0	and i don't need to be diplomatic.
0	the leftist prd has nearly a quarter.
0	it did not seem biblical at all.
0	but also its often viewed as fattening.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	sean corcoran reports from member station wcai.
0	that's south of thetoward our southern border.
0	it's pretty tough stuff big stuff there.
0	you know when it waynes it pours.
0	i mean it was literally every day.
0	now what did you think of that?
0	i'm told it's a popular television program.
0	last year's meetings were in snowy copenhagen.
0	they know exactly what they're voting on.
0	i don't think so i really don't.
0	how are the turkish relief authorities coping?
0	what do you think this pardon signals?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	those are my words not hers obviously.
0	and ever since then they've doubled down.
0	maybe other states won't need court orders.
0	and then that following year they're gone.
0	scott you've been watching the president closely.
0	dan welcome to talk of the nation.
0	well of course it does raise problems.
0	and so this is an angry day.
0	we each lived in our separate cars.
0	it's very stupid but it's pretty serious.
0	the unit is still there in iraq.
0	and how do you identify these people?
0	we're going to be doing air assaults.
0	dogs have been brought into our homes.
0	it's really also the natural energy wave.
0	many here say the italians were overwhelmed.
0	in '96 '97 my highest was 400.
0	do you know what she looks like?
0	and that's for kadima and for labor.
0	you bake your pizzas for two minutes.
0	we're going to have to do it.
0	he's a senior writer at national review.
0	thanks very much for the call matt.
0	are they going to do it now?
0	heidi thanks very much for the call.
0	how is santa coping with global warming?
0	many blacks feel ignored by both parties.
0	richard with us from springfield in pennsylvania.
0	virtually every family in russia was   affected.
0	from madrid reporter lauren frayer has more.
0	well really not very much at all.
0	no. no. no. no rules in art.
0	it's another one in the sustainability category.
0	then there's this exchange about indian sweets.
0	well i thought it had some meaning.
0	the informant says well where's the missile?
0	the delivery will be ready on monday.
0	marcia smith is the editor of spacepolicyonline.
0	which is right side or wrong side?
0	but then a truck blocks our view.
0	real italian pizza is all about balance.
0	no. the president has big big ambitions.
0	were you born in new york city?
0	you know the privilege is still there.
0	civility in congress i do like that.
0	you never told me you were married.
0	coming up the pinnacle of pizza making.
0	he did not seek re-election in 2006.
0	that's npr's eyder peralta in nairobi kenya.
0	everyday life is basically at a halt.
0	to be sure his bragging is boundless.
0	my mind does not work this way.
0	yeah that's certainly one of the classics.
0	anything like that of concern in paris?
0	but then of course i loved snails.
0	so the details specifically are not mine.
0	he just always seemed to recognize ralph.
0	it was like you know on purpose.
0	lloyd thanks very much for the call.
0	proper paperwork was filed with various governments.
0	act four the art of adult conversation.
0	but that is becoming ever less common.
0	and if it's not silver it's copper.
0	i want to come back to you.
0	are you registered voters in san jacinto?
0	and her findings are kind of shocking.
0	well some of them are pretty repugnant.
0	the nba can be the peacemakers league.
0	so explain to us what's happening here.
0	george washington considered him his adopted son.
0	it's nice to think about these three.
0	now this is a very good point.
0	tina brown is with us once again.
0	brandon you've already bought your season tickets.
0	we are speeding across the solar system.
0	you were kind of treated like royalty.
0	as you say this is very rare.
0	he just got back from a party?
0	so we've responded to incidents involving firearms.
0	fayyad said his first priority is security.
0	i was kind of like bib number.
0	are you by chance a vicious criminal?
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	want to buy one of my tapes?
0	it was a glorious time back then.
0	ken rudin will be back next week.
0	very very generous loving friends of mine.
0	there will be a lot of questions.
0	as you said still a viable threat.
0	she joins us here in studio 3a.
0	for him a good lie requires technique.
0	by the way were you ever scared?
0	and everybody cooks collard greens so different.
0	i am the biggest name in hollywood.
0	we've been recognized for a long time.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	and i guess the ultimate the ph.
0	but you did a great job evan.
0	but a lot of movies are funny.
0	well what did you have in mind?
0	no he don't come upstairs at all.
0	in ulan bator the impact is clear.
0	the cops tell joe to sit down.
0	i can't give you my real name.
0	there's an actual moral to the story.
0	he would only talk to me outside.
0	we have to buy a chevy volt?
0	it's visceral full of horror and absurdity.
0	i spent 15 years in the army.
0	well we're sorry for your loss rick.
0	samantha thanks very much for the call.
0	we had two hours to get everything.
0	and welcome to talk of the nation.
0	thank you guys all for joining us.
0	he was trapped by furniture and mud.
0	toby with us from durham north carolina.
0	nobody saw this woman as a hero.
0	let's hear from matt in athens ohio.
0	angela welcome to talk of the nation.
0	i'll take my answer off the air.
0	well it hasn't been a game changer.
0	how do you handle a cell phone?
0	panning was a   verb not a surname.
0	want to buy one of my tapes?
0	we know it's not about a meteorologist.
0	we're going to start with the gop.
0	then he had a very open personality.
0	i thought it was very modest programmatically.
0	and that's not that much to lose.
0	and a couple of governors as well.
0	besides i can't save the whole world.
0	and they reach for their mother's breast.
0	there are different premiums deductibles   and co-payments.
0	okay let's try it one more time.
0	consumption is being in china is increasing.
0	i'm with the bureau of labor statistics.
0	that's not necessarily a home ice advantage.
0	it's been a great ride so far.
0	well i can see blue being even.
0	we're looking four years and six weeks.
0	i hurl a challenge to the fates.
0	he was almost like a stage manager.
0	yeah there was a set of prods.
0	the backup quarterback brad johnson played horribly.
0	and that's that's what it feels like.
0	i am not worthy of your attention.
0	syria is still a country at war.
0	this was a huge step for her.
0	so that's not a problem in itself.
0	it's like we're just two people talking.
0	people have gone off on their own.
0	so that's kind of a tall order.
0	i don't see how god could exist.
0	one of those campaign spots features children.
0	so what are those little yellow creatures?
0	when they do their eyes light up.
0	he knows absolutely nothing about bob dole.
0	i'm just an enthusiast and traveler myself.
0	and will they completely destroy the economy?
0	this issue's going to be with us.
0	here's an email we have from nancy.
0	we simply don't know what was moved.
0	well let's well you say they're aroused.
0	he will be back again on wednesday.
0	the players of course are completely different.
0	and he lives in glasnevin in dublin.
0	that's the bulk of the nba's revenue.
0	thanks for calling talk of the nation.
0	it could be an interesting discussion because.
0	i think my favorite is puff's tissues.
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	it's like why isn't anything really happening?
0	he stopped caring about pretty much everything.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and every family has a black sheep.
0	one of the mothers was past menopause.
0	you mean we're just hurtling through space?
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but then what does he say next?
0	plenty of them are also devoted listeners.
0	theft has increased especially with power generators.
0	he signed the deal and building began.
0	she joins me now from san juan.
0	now bets can be used for insurance.
0	and abdasalam joins us on the line.
0	and what was their attitude about it.
0	i'm going to explain what they're saying.
0	oh thank god now i can sleep.
0	these callers and emailers have done that.
0	it was $14,000 every three months' rent.
0	he pictures the looks on their faces.
0	it watered down some of the others.
0	he wanted to do a good job.
0	but that was just part of it.
0	you've been playing me like a fiddle.
0	as adults we have this funny choice.
0	how did you get together with him?
0	what was going on with this couple?
0	you should lash his son for him?
0	evolution is a   theory not a fact.
0	he says he can't really explain it.
0	this treasure is made only of words.
0	and it was really an interesting time.
0	however we can't second guess these decisions.
0	yes i just got back from iraq.
0	calling right now is jen in california.
0	brigit thank you very much for that.
0	and i think that's what we're doing.
0	npr's michele kelemen at the state department.
0	we'll know one way or the other.
0	my dad is i guess 550 maybe.
0	so there's a kind of political correctness.
0	yes i feel it all the time.
0	and there was thousands of people gathered.
0	so you're on your best behavior really.
0	well it wasn't a very scientific process.
0	he had a distinguished career a republican.
0	but people encouraged me to share it.
0	so he continued working in the slaughterhouse.
0	it's been passed down through the generations.
0	now cohen is telling a different story.
0	this is an order of magnitude greater.
0	yeah he was fifth from the bottom.
0	they didn't think about it early enough.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	so i'm hoping it'll be different though.
0	not a permanent fix a temporary one.
0	your characters are much younger they're teenagers.
0	of course there can always be more.
0	i mean ebony is just the latest.
0	this has nothing to do with religion.
0	it's like our atmosphere at 100,000 feet.
0	he found diamonds a lot of them.
0	mea culpas were a theme last night.
0	he looked disheveled his wife looked disheveled.
0	he sits on the house intelligence committee.
0	so let me start with you roberto.
0	what does world security look like then?
0	he spoke with us here in kabul.
0	and he developed into this extraordinary athlete.
0	this is michelle lin's third giving circle.
0	so hillary clinton does it as well.
0	you can also send us email npr.
0	and let me start with you matt.
0	but ruthe and mary this is michele.
0	today we're kicking off our november series.
0	yes and money is a great unifier.
0	tab hunter died yesterday from cardiac arrest.
0	yes he had engaged in criminal activity.
0	well texas is a super tuesday state.
0	i don't think it's a color thing.
0	the irish government is exploring legal reforms.
0	you have weapons and you have enemies.
0	there are ways to deal with that.
0	but iraq has a lot of problems.
0	it was the guy i was nuts.
0	analysts say that's because of compatibility issues.
0	so i put it in a song.
0	thank you for taking my call today.
0	and he had to leave his job?
0	i've never personally seen anything like that.
0	the deputy secretary's considered a lame duck.
0	i'm working hard on this ongoing investigation.
0	some 75 of its beds are empty.
0	and so diagramming is it fulfills that.
0	and anne what have you seen today?
0	well i think it's an interesting approach.
0	but anger is a piece of it.
0	i just think the arts just fly.
0	and you know without burning anything down.
0	what do you do there in gainesville?
0	this is the nature of the document.
0	from member station wypr emily sullivan reports.
0	he was killed in march of '03.
0	we pay 25 30 million a pop.
0	the flavor is sweet grainy and boozy.
0	and should i work on investing saving.
0	i mean that's fine that's our culture.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	michael thanks very much for the call.
0	it wasn't a complicated stretch for him.
0	he didn't have to work at it.
0	troops can now used in counter-narcotics operations.
0	sometimes they are the only drugs available.
0	that is actually a very important bill.
0	and i assume that had an effect.
0	and that's what i found most interesting.
0	well julia had an answer to that.
0	it was as if he felt invincible.
0	he said that he borrowed that car.
0	i wish there was but there isn't.
0	they know what makes these players tick.
0	is there any sign of an agreement?
0	i don't know what you do differently.
0	is there any science backing it up?
0	yeah i guess i would add in.
0	it was taking the side of shareholders.
0	but let's talk first about that phrase.
0	so i guess we're upper middle class?
0	but first an agnostic's quest for meaning.
0	and what would you say to that?
0	after a one-year sentence he'll be released.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	that means no cars in the capital.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	yes i said name a world capital.
0	now we can't go to pakistan again.
0	col. porter says that's not quite true.
0	police are calling it a terror attack.
0	and now let me introduce my guest.
0	we are losing our ability to compete.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	let's let our guest get in here.
0	that seems to be the conclusion here.
0	but how about tires for your car?
0	i think he's perfect for the job.
0	did president obama say anything about that?
0	well that would be a different investigation.
0	and selma is determined to find it.
0	your first clue is mussing as feathers.
0	and where do you hear us marc?
0	well the junta itself the numbers vary.
0	the developer wouldn't comment for the story.
0	it's by larry herbst from pasadena california.
0	ok why don't you demonstrate for us?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the price of food will likely increase.
0	there's no running   water electricity or internet.
0	john belushi's announcing that women aren't funny.
0	we were also joined by jude boudreaux.
0	it's like my horn rudy was there.
0	ed you had a question as well?
0	and timing is a key factor here.
0	but they did go way beyond that.
0	sometimes you can ruin things by revising.
0	yes that's what was reported to us.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	it is not the postal delivery service.
0	which means this is absolutely not true.
0	he's joined us here in studio 3a.
0	we are not in a civil war.
0	reporters of course were sworn to secrecy.
0	that's npr's white house correspondent scott horsley.
0	they're going to be more of them.
0	they all receive a stipend from birth.
0	islam can be fun for the children.
0	we meet in chicago where she's based.
0	you still need someone to oversee it.
0	why aren't we hearing that from tokyo?
0	gates's own speech only touched on iran.
0	and from there they got an identification.
0	but you know climate change is happening.
0	he was working at nick's roast beef.
0	but it's really part of the show.
0	irish coffee is very simple and good.
0	why did kushner lose this top-secret clearance?
0	i had no power whatsoever at all.
0	so does that really mean 100 percent?
0	i'm a wbai loyalist for 47 years.
0	again it gets back to shared interests.
0	so you're looking into the abyss down.
0	lets go to vinch in sacramento hi.
0	ooh a little heat unit in there.
0	what do you say about that david?
0	we met excuse me in moscow russia.
0	the 1950s structured social life was good.
0	i got a bad review on amazon.
0	then you can buy whatever you want.
0	they can't tell me why that's fine.
0	no we will not forget you know?
0	i liked one description in a review.
0	so what they do is this dance.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	so we've got a date of 40,800.
0	you have a very selective memory gary.
0	he had no trouble filling extra time.
0	and i'll say sometimes i say no.
0	and that is today's bottom-line in business.
0	medicaid is in fact a voluntary program.
0	it's very simple what i ran into.
0	we've now you're lapsing into people say.
0	things like dumping hazardous wastes into rivers.
0	pretty well i mean i'm a musician.
0	but sexuality isn't a matter of choice.
0	all of a sudden like holy god.
0	if i could move north i would.
0	ruth graham is a writer for slate.
0	what are you assuming that i assume?
0	have they been putting pressure on oman?
0	ok let's put this in context here.
0	he also offered these remarks about hamas.
0	that child's name was robert ken woo.
0	harold didn't claim to be an extraterrestrial.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	he was friends with gadhafi in libya.
0	you did what you had to do.
0	jennifer thank you as you should be.
0	well i'll take a stab at it.
0	he joins us from bbc studios there.
0	is it a lack of bad things?
0	but it doesn't turn out that way.
0	but you know statistically speaking we won't.
0	but can you find a decent deli?
0	they can give the illusion of treatment.
0	and about this is like '75 '76.
0	steve berman is the mayor of gilbert.
0	our deadline is this thursday 3 p.m.
0	we feel we are a safe island.
0	and they are more challenging to deport.
0	and frankly we nearly wept as well.
0	they may be a bit overwhelmed initially.
0	he says he has a bigger goal.
0	they didn't like being made fun of.
0	and they're not paid chump change either.
0	and it's something parents rarely think about.
0	so americans have run up tremendous debts.
0	i don't think you can fake fondness.
0	you want cameras on the gates or.
0	and it's a false sense of security.
0	they also say early intervention is key.
0	mike welcome back to day to day.
0	perhaps they thought i was a tourist.
0	but for one d.c. couple it's personal.
0	you're betting on it it sounds like.
0	they're made with charcoal for a start.
0	they're mandated by an act of congress.
0	this has been france's summer soap opera.
0	he's the senior congressional correspondent for politico.
0	apparently anything can be made of silicone.
0	we now go to npr's phil reeves.
0	there are 160 million muslims in india.
0	they're going to have trouble getting through.
0	and of course for haute couture clients.
0	i understand l.a. is doing this now.
0	so what's going on here is politics.
0	oh we've got a black-bottom swimming pool.
0	that is commentator and columnist cokie roberts.
0	i mean no one buys anything now.
0	it's no picked out of the air.
0	people ought to be in the streets.
0	she traveled with steve inskeep in pakistan.
0	now bill clinton did the same thing.
0	now we turn to aaron david miller.
0	and we are giving the land away.
0	and companies are not just hiring more.
0	merrit kennedy has this profile from cairo.
0	that's npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson in kabul.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	i mean rafe's gotten into some trouble.
0	were you trying to draw these connections?
0	let your legs go out the back.
0	let's talk about some of these cases.
0	you know they're in his corner david.
0	here's joel rose from the rutzes' farm.
0	one of those we'll have to check.
0	inside man is deft and satisfying entertainment.
0	they have to target really poor renters.
0	well you know that's a good question.
0	they need a safe place to live.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	you have to do it for yourself.
0	so they've been in washington planning that.
0	no turnout looks to be very high.
0	louisiana senator mary landrieu wanted this vote.
0	let's talk with who is this harvey.
0	i remember it like it was yesterday.
0	and he said no no problem dad.
0	and they're it will be difficult today.
0	there are also jobs in nearby orlando.
0	and on that point john mcwhorter agrees.
0	otto thanks very much for the call.
0	comedy central offered fielding his own show.
0	beth with us from saratoga in california.
0	it's not refreshing for the polling community.
0	so that may be part of it.
0	no this is a very serious problem.
0	what did you learn from bob barker?
0	david greene npr news the white house.
0	and i said sir you're still president.
0	it's a pleasure to be with you.
0	a terrific read i highly recommend it.
0	it was just such a heavy jolt.
0	but questions about oden's health are unavoidable.
0	unesco world heritage sites key commercial arteries.
0	i just wanted to make a comment.
0	reaction from around the   world was swift.
0	welcome back to the program professor folkes.
0	one are there any life-threatening side effects?
0	the romance betrayals you know just fantasy.
0	how do you read that phrase today?
0	but it's not going to be easy.
0	he imagined shakespeare covering the super bowl.
0	you know i got myself a job.
0	first of all the president values loyalty.
0	tomorrow what should schools teach about sex?
0	so my director felt strongly about it.
0	so we're back at the ngo office.
0	alexandra thanks so much for joining us.
0	millions of gallons of water poured through.
0	he first asked the leaf family's permission.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	president trump is campaigning in arizona tonight.
0	but frick is a very entrepreneurial artist.
0	beneath it were the words stay hungry.
0	coming up car trek to star trek.
0	so i went back and met doug.
0	we have to have a dialogue first.
0	frankly i fear i'll be sneered at.
0	there's potential it could be something else.
0	obviously this is your story as too.
0	is your wife emily standing right there?
0	in other words it violates the law.
0	a link to his article at timesunion.
0	when oil was relatively cheap it worked.
0	but you said what you thought right?
0	and an informal mentorship began to develop.
0	let's bring another voice into the conversation.
0	don these are his kind of guys.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	but the deal isn't fully approved yet.
0	yeah although ted bundy looked pretty normal.
0	i see some of the normal fissures.
0	people used to say it's not monolithic.
0	in fact it's already begun shutting down.
0	so i just wanted to say that.
0	is this one any different than those?
0	we developed our own plan for survival.
0	you're listening to science friday on npr.
0	just knocked them out of the park.
0	in mine it's actually quite the opposite.
0	so we want to hear from you.
0	you know i think it's still refreshing.
0	and he thinks this is the future.
0	he was going to replace conan o'brien.
0	bill thanks very much for the call.
0	richard welcome to talk of the nation.
0	russia seemed to have passed solzhenitsyn by.
0	hello there thanks for talking with us.
0	no her hair did not fall out.
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	it's a wooden scale model 3-feet high.
0	it is not that that they want.
0	no longer shall they rape our women!
0	robert how are you doing this evening?
0	many of us want to and will.
0	don't just take my word for it.
0	a win and she's in the olympics.
0	i don't agree with him at all.
0	that's what i really like about this.
0	you may remember blagojevich governor of illinois.
0	those tactics aren't working and predictably so.
0	it just kind of happens to them.
0	do they are they excited about it?
0	well it's like a temporary open border.
0	sure let's put him on the line.
0	i mean it's a white body type.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	all documented in the book absolutely true.
0	they just want to get a degree.
0	remind us how events unfolded that morning.
0	well there are some amazing free attractions.
0	he questioned if i could be pregnant.
0	and that's an important distinction to make.
0	this time the topic will be healthcare.
0	does any of that give you pause?
0	as you'll hear it's an odd coincidence.
0	joe's with us from framingham in massachusetts.
0	i think it's good to support businesses.
0	so let's use for an example houston.
0	and of course this is nothing new.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	do you learn that as a father?
0	we ought to do something about it.
0	and in the same year samuel alito.
0	well was it properly decided or not?
0	here's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	walsh was assigned to the fbi stakeout.
0	indeed republican turnout continued breaking records yesterday.
0	okay well thank you anyway for stopping.
0	you know i've always said it julie.
0	adam pasick would you agree with that?
0	can we keep it up for longer?
0	but not for the reasons you think.
0	he thought he was getting a deal.
0	but how many people are in need?
0	this is scott turner from georgetown ky.
0	we have withdrawn close to 10,000 warrants.
0	they were using american f-16 fighter jets.
0	it could be any kind of drop.
0	npr's scott detrow for us this morning.
0	so it was just a vicious circle.
0	the union wage was something like $20.
0	and then he was like my editor.
0	and there's nothing agriculture related here really.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	the u.s. blamed assad's soldiers for it.
0	this is what it's come to america.
0	my father always had good phone numbers.
0	this is from a washington post report.
0	it's the contents of your conscious thoughts.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but so this is a terrible thing.
0	and that was by itself so scary.
0	so it was a combination of things.
0	i mean the message was the number.
0	i get a $4,000 deduction for each.
0	that took one of the top honors.
0	you sound a little excited about this.
0	thanks very much for the call mike.
0	were you able to get around safely?
0	we'll be back right after the break.
0	it can be part of the deal.
0	coming up what's fine print in farsi?
0	there is no way to sugarcoat this.
0	and people shouldn't totally panic about this.
0	this is still a weak company madeleine.
0	but the world already knows about reggae.
0	roe v. wade certainly fits that description.
0	indeed it is part of a pattern.
0	this is exactly the people i met.
0	is the fashion world really sizing up?
0	from npr news its all things considered.
0	i imagine the plastics will last forever.
0	and i said he was a stay-at-home.
0	but by friday afternoon that all changed.
0	there's a lot of manufacturing in augusta.
0	and we're going to be together again.
0	it's what he called the two cultures.
0	it's an economic has great economic value.
0	it's in the ballpark of five percent.
0	when they move that follows with them.
0	well it sounded like a great time.
0	the real problem is it's too hot.
0	the sun's not going to last forever.
0	the flavor is mild and slightly sweet.
0	callie crossley do you share that view?
0	soraya sarhaddi nelson npr news tompa hungary.
0	with alito however the war is on.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	i don't want to get up ok?
0	now really i should have tested that.
0	i think more people should carry guns.
0	that's from the morning wait a minute.
0	it's at the top of every page.
0	it's going to be a real date.
0	and our listeners were also divided madeleine.
0	that does not sound good to me.
0	jesus found his politics but nobody listens.
0	she tells jesse her thoughts on televangelists.
0	angels helped one another backstabbed each other.
0	i think that there are two issues.
0	no just can be just an umpire.
0	a lot of the students were upset.
0	but you weren't surprised by this either?
0	luvvie so good to have you back.
0	well a big one was immigration reform.
0	there's no kind of disinformation about that.
0	the curtain's going up in an hour.
0	and that's when the arguments really began.
0	oh god no no. i hated that.
0	i actually word my tweets very carefully.
0	some academics asked and the candidates answered.
0	rudy welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he was grabbed right on the spot.
0	it's actually a price not a benefit.
0	i take him to school every day.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	some of it i think is events.
0	they're spending more than they're bringing in.
0	for day to day i'm benjamin walker.
0	and it seems to be going well.
0	thanks so much for talking to us.
0	abel cares for calderwood and another gentleman.
0	but this actually isn't about the money.
0	i have to wait for the bus.
0	it's doing so many things at once.
0	from election day where they're still counting.
0	they don't even give us a chance.
0	i'm going to be real pretty soon.
0	click on the submit your answer link.
0	mind block and i only had two.
0	yeah it was spiraling out of control.
0	and when people change they grow apart.
0	what was going on in her head?
0	but he insists the game's not over.
0	they unbandaged her wounds and took pictures.
0	that phrase inclusive capitalism is deliberately broad.
0	he only came in late at night.
0	and shutting them down will save lives.
0	vulnerable populations has been kind of vague.
0	and he gives one more dispersal warning.
0	wow you really got to know them.
0	that's what dian fossey probably was doing.
0	and she saw that as their relationship.
0	this is science friday i'm ira flatow.
0	my grandma vicki is 90 years old.
0	but currently i don't have a job.
0	thirty-four-year-old tamara kirkwood reflects on her past.
0	it's been hardship after hardship after hardship.
0	so they didn't they had no idea.
0	no i didn't know that we're married.
0	and where are you trying to go?
0	well you got to work every day.
0	they kind of build these self-enclosed city-states.
0	we just didn't want to go home.
0	that's npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson in denmark.
0	but delta's lobbying records suggest another possibility.
0	i really like the crunchies in there.
0	let's hear from laurie in st. louis.
0	it was a crucial period for europe.
0	it's like eating a sunday chicken dinner.
0	i mean the story is really touching.
0	and douglas let's start with the women.
0	yeah i agree with you on that.
0	you profit only by taking from   others.
0	and bankruptcy is like death game over.
0	that would be illegal under israeli law.
0	it was the picture of middle america.
0	but it's the same kind of system.
0	one it could've sunk into the ground.
0	and so he invited me to dinner.
0	there is no single kind of blog.
0	people don't text-message responsibly in an automobile.
0	i can't answer that question for you.
0	where are you going to go today?
0	but it's not only the foley district.
0	and she was laid up for months.
0	how do you figure all that out?
0	governor barbour good to talk to you.
0	he doesn't accept it but it's true.
0	i actually used to watch the show.
0	after the monitors left the protests continued.
0	a very very interesting set of questions.
0	those were all new ideas to me.
0	a steak and egg biscuit after that.
0	he joins us from his office there.
0	eric tell us what we've got here.
0	there's also the issue of declassifying information.
0	in a moment more from nick hanauer.
0	in that way it's very very normal.
0	jody thanks very much for the call.
0	he earned $259 million out of it.
0	and would you drive a smart car?
0	but basil still says that wasn't true.
0	if he had come no. my goodness.
0	i mean he he's not an adult.
0	sam would have made you think otherwise.
0	here's a little of what he said.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	and if that would make any difference.
0	they have bought local in new york.
0	talk a little bit about this song.
0	he picks out one to show me.
0	we've just a few more minutes left.
0	music critic sarah bardeen has this review.
0	she's really good at identifying buzz and.
0	elise bergerson is our business operations manager.
0	it's more like   maraca-shaking go-go-boot-wearing '60s rock.
0	here's a e-mail from andy in memphis.
0	but you understand that affirmative actionlet me.
0	but these are have been great guys.
0	elise bergerson is our business operations manager.
0	we were in the midst of greatness.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	he's been practicing there for 45 years.
0	this is what i'm going to do.
0	he joined us from studios of mit.
0	he is the cbs news technology analyst.
0	you know i have a little talent.
0	let's hear from michael in rehoboth beach.
0	they experience double-digit poverty double-digit on employment.
0	go forward 10 meters and turn right.
0	fried clams corn salsa narragansett lager glaze.
0	that's republican congressman sean duffy of wisconsin.
0	and the jets did 16 to 7.
0	the two of them hit it off.
0	it can be sprinkled in someone's food.
0	tell us your story on this 800-989-8255.
0	ten conservative speakers in 11 consecutive hours.
0	intimacy developed just a few months ago.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	this is excuse the metaphor divisive fear.
0	i actually don't care about my status.
0	but think of it more this way.
0	imagine when your family was living there.
0	it is but it's like really nice.
0	injustice is widespread today too says hessel.
0	that was a policy of the army.
0	that's something i'll have to think about.
0	it will be out later this spring.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he seems to connect with his listeners.
0	well this is the big question right?
0	and joining us now is ujjal dosanjh.
0	well i think i stand by that.
0	and what does it mean to you?
0	we think of and then selma alabama.
0	but i found out i was wrong.
0	tell me what you hated about oklahoma.
0	you're going nearly 95 miles per hour.
0	he recognized it's going to be difficult.
0	i have i totally made that up.
0	no no. i'm talking about robert mugabe.
0	but parkinson's does get worse over time.
0	what matters now is what judges think.
0	and he consulted on the new lawsuit.
0	they don't like those big stimulus packages.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i mean they're competing with each other.
0	michigan would be typical at three percent.
0	it was right in front of me.
0	well it's more than thinking about it.
0	dr. stephen xenakis was part of it.
0	does that mean your friendships have changed?
0	that's the problem we have no information.
0	in this act we turn to love.
0	these are all very insular elite worlds.
0	i'm not a spokesman for my church.
0	look at what roles they're rewarded for.
0	any iran crisis would be greatly magnified.
0	and so hare decided to make one.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	father cutie is no ordinary parish priest.
0	the bad in that is my face.
0	that's what i called to say today.
0	i think you're going to even expand.
0	congressman bob barr is with us today.
0	what was the source of your hesitation?
0	he knows already that you love him.
0	i'm a little afraid because what happened.
0	before the city knew paul kiel knew.
0	one is that offense can overwhelm defense.
0	later he'd say the joint was bougie.
0	but you said it took him down.
0	you don't say it's not my script?
0	he's with us here at the newseum.
0	and i don't want to do this.
0	bottom line here though barr has concerns.
0	i'm not saying there aren't out there.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	sometimes things are not what they seem.
0	because i do mentioned this in piece.
0	any idea how many images were collected?
0	nothing that we do is without risk.
0	well gentlemen we've run out of time.
0	also implications for the republican energy policy.
0	the hope turned to anger and despair.
0	she's writing a book about animal outlaws.
0	and have sales dropped as a result?
0	why suddenly is it making the news?
0	well i'm in love with the constitution.
0	i regretted it after i did it.
0	you're invited to join us at 800-989-8255.
0	jason with us from rochester new york.
0	one is do they have the skill?
0	and so i agree with your comment.
0	we've got al lubrano on the line.
0	you know they're living in makeshift circumstances.
0	people are living in very tough conditions.
0	you know it's 34,000 killed and wounded.
0	i look forward to doing this again.
0	but there are people out there hurting.
0	now this is not a legally-binding opinion.
0	he was attractive to men as well.
0	for example trump talks about lower deductibles.
0	he had a pacemaker put in immediately.
0	people in beijing were up in arms.
0	but among them were two abortion columns.
0	getting around the country is very easy.
0	i suppose it's a kind of dare.
0	and i was really pissed about that.
0	it's really a struggle here in haiti.
0	but the strategy is to defeat isis.
0	anyhow we are going to help him.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it had the best political system possible.
0	chad's calling from ann arbor in michigan.
0	i have   a film with ray liotta.
0	i'm a native californian and american citizen.
0	but he can pay for the ticket.
0	what does it mean to hit puberty?
0	i don't think there's a best system.
0	but they existed in the same body.
0	he has four years as our president.
0	so i knew the time was now.
0	bernie sanders has a position on this.
0	mccarthy's views aren't too far from boehner's.
0	we have a responsibility to our shareholders.
0	now here's what i want to know.
0	i'm black but not a bush supporter.
0	what's happened of course is a panic.
0	amy what are people hoping to hear?
0	take a left and there i am.
0	so one little bit of good news.
0	but it was all over the floor.
0	you can go our website at sciencefriday.
0	they're battery-powered and some people freaked out.
0	and it was nothing of the sort.
0	so i'm just really sick of it.
0	or no no just earlier in life.
0	what do you hope could be different?
0	i wanted to do something about it.
0	so talk a little bit about that.
0	are you ready to kung fu fight?
0	she'd written a lot about taking drugs.
0	your last collection which   i haven't read.
0	and then surprise they can kill you.
0	she decided what she wanted to take.
0	well on that thought thanks very much.
0	it's little things that really bother you.
0	he crosses   his arms and keeps talking.
0	and so no i was not happy.
0	so she wants to see bush twist.
0	i lie a lot about it actually.
0	relocating could cost more than $100 million.
0	not to the best of my knowledge.
0	i think that's seldom ever the case.
0	yeah i've been out here since 5:30.
0	a prospective repeal is absolutely a lie.
0	pete presumed they'd been vetted and fact-checked.
0	pete realized they were headed for napa.
0	how many people   worked in these casinos?
0	people are angry but they're also scared.
0	clemens of course is twain's real name.
0	and another protest is planned for saturday.
0	i'll be part of the conscription army.
0	it does factor into the fed's decision.
0	well i just want to reintroduce everybody.
0	we've shot you up full of preservatives.
0	number two is the breadth of donors.
0	but that's what norm was there for.
0	we don't know any of these people.
0	i don't think that's right at all.
0	well certainly this isn't the first time.
0	they built some of them that's right.
0	i mean they're easy at small numbers.
0	they don't want to buy russian products.
0	the company that makes those naval reactors.
0	sham thanks very much for the call.
0	todd with us from wooster in ohio.
0	they are our best salespeople i think.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	but discounters know that marketers know that.
0	he could show him it was real.
0	at 16 he was on his own.
0	there were no videos by the way.
0	turns out it was only around $12,000.
0	now had you been married before alan?
0	cathy thanks very much for the call.
0	and bottom line is everything rolls downhill.
0	long distance love affair by cassette tape.
0	lighthizer heard similar complaints from lawmakers today.
0	he was a thief nicknamed crazy eyes.
0	well that's what jet planes are for.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	jeremy you you've come to play man.
0	but now the situation has changed right?
0	americans have a great sense of humor.
0	i spent hours putting that cassette together.
0	and there's been great accusations of fraud.
0	and so i just take my time.
0	so you're the parent and the child.
0	i think it's all wonderful and terrible.
0	three years of sundays is 156 sundays.
0	and to be honest no i can't.
0	how far away are they from that?
0	you know as a journalist you're listening.
0	they may not find anything at all.
0	the next was full of baby wipes.
0	they know not to get too close.
0	this day to day from npr news.
0	it should probably stay in that hole.
0	all right well we will keep trying.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	he really showed virtually no remorse whatsoever.
0	she is a columnist for usa today.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	yeah i think that'd be all right.
0	and some humans are even call super-spreaders.
0	it's all about letting in the light.
0	you grab for the cheap easy fame.
0	i mean it's exactly what you're saying.
0	you're trying to write for your idols.
0	you were shot when you were 17.
0	sellers what have you learned about prices?
0	they're always more complicated can't we say?
0	well they said they're open to anything.
0	but he's up there at 3 a.m.
0	there are a lot of academic economists.
0	and so he never knew about it.
0	we are here together we are one.
0	that's kind of why i liked it.
0	where were you during those nine hours?
0	and i meet with him so often.
0	you know they missed the big picture.
0	my basketball teammates were my first babysitters.
0	on this morning the match eludes him.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he's still responsible for what he did.
0	a pennsylvania family bid $5,200 on ebay.
0	and how did dora feel about that?
0	what do you think you would find?
0	now we've heard talk about euro bonds.
0	gwen welcome to talk of the nation.
0	the newcomers were surprised by the reception.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	one was a man in his 20s.
0	namath we're going to kick your bleep.
0	so he goes and works for bae.
0	so ira glass helped you out huh?
0	there lex mostly comes across as pathetic.
0	he rolled his eyes but played along.
0	and that's the sad part about it.
0	i don't think i'm entitled to anything.
0	so it's you're hearing bombing all day.
0	well i watched a bit of this.
0	close to unprecedented in a fed chairman.
0	she studies volunteer tourism and its impacts.
0	mexico however now repatriates most captured cubans.
0	he's a professor at loyola law school.
0	there were index cards and personal notes.
0	and i felt strong blast of wind.
0	dardenne's ads brag that he's scandal free.
0	no justice no football they were chanting.
0	i don't know how he did it.
0	it's better to have security he says.
0	it's not our responsibility to do that.
0	and i think that's a nice thought.
0	really i don't know what's going on.
0	what are you seeing in the stores?
0	and it's time now for the puzzle.
0	and this moment is all i have.
0	and you saw that with deval   patrick.
0	give peter a chance to answer ok?
0	but do we pay attention to that?
0	all right so let's kick it off.
0	yeah it was actually a two-week challenge.
0	he held out against animation against films.
0	in fact it says quite the contrary.
0	especially in the new year yes always.
0	how am i going to do this?
0	i mean you're sort of handicapping yourself.
0	does it mean that we've overcome that?
0	well gavin i'm ready if you are.
0	there's a psychological element to this product.
0	thank you for joining us this morning.
0	this was a question about his drinking.
0	peter king of sports illustrated thank you.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i find it to be really mediciney.
0	it's a private deal between two people.
0	lex would get most of the money.
0	but they've been having a hard time.
0	saturday teachers descended on the state capitol.
0	and my boss is a white man.
0	still bush often seemed rusty even rushed.
0	he escaped to turkey five months ago.
0	it's run by michelin-starred chef jose andres.
0	especially your family- your mother your kids.
0	do you think he's right in retrospect?
0	maybe you should explain your thinking here.
0	it is mostly democrats proposing these measures.
0	but first we're joined by sandy shepherd.
0	most people think that it connotes movement.
0	and i've seen that throughout my life.
0	shane avery practices medicine in scott county.
0	are graduation rates going up or down?
0	robert and mary nice to see you.
0	first to capitol hill and airline safety.
0	it's a long way to get there.
0	i think that we have a chance.
0	what is the concept of valuation here?
0	they have to be looking for help.
0	that's true but i don't regret it.
0	you too are an iranian american professor?
0	it's exactly what they were going for.
0	we don't get to choose the scenario.
0	and there is some urgency here right?
0	two black kids in a high school?
0	what does theresa may want to happen?
0	mary nichols chairs california's air resources board.
0	thank you everybody and happy king day.
0	as a teen-ager james terrorized his family.
0	but hughes doesn't want to do that.
0	yeah you could say it that way.
0	how will you measure success or failure?
0	so 100 percent of them were gone.
0	her father was as you know executed.
0	and did he not see that coming?
0	israeli intelligence is very good we hear.
0	it's good to be with you scott.
0	peter thanks very much for the call.
0	so it's definitely a very difficult time.
0	we are going to take a break.
0	the events were fairly easy to reconstruct.
0	what does she want from za'montae's teachers?
0	people's lives are changed for the duration.
0	it's just that they couldn't see them.
0	do you have people who speak japanese?
0	i think that's just how he is.
0	some residents expected outages to last weeks.
0	that is the beauty of this technology.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	because he shut down your whole confidence.
0	peter thanks so much really appreciate it.
0	i was making a statement of fact.
0	well i think a couple of things.
0	you figure you got a chance right?
0	so maybe this is a worst-case scenario.
0	but he insists she can recognize him.
0	he's their star witness for sure yeah.
0	jane mayer welcome to day to day.
0	but i didn't nowhere to cook it.
0	but it's a significant number of people.
0	he was definitely a brave brave human.
0	that's one useful thing to look at.
0	torres's 10-year-old son ryan has down syndrome.
0	arun always good to be with you.
0	that has found a home in turkey.
0	the shelling from tanks and the attacks.
0	and this information flows back and forth.
0	it's called o.j. ungloved the lost tapes.
0	the mosquito inspector's tools are pretty simple.
0	for radzevicius though there's another important issue.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	well because you feel like a man.
0	do you want me to follow you?
0	we try to characterize the smaller objects.
0	anything in the letters the recent letter?
0	what preparedness operations are under way locally?
0	and you tried for like an hour.
0	does the one detract from the other?
0	thanks very much for speaking with us.
0	thank you it's good to be on.
0	right but it also might not be.
0	i listen to it all the time.
0	sally and ernie have this little routine.
0	so we want to hear from you.
0	we'll hear both arguments in a moment.
0	so that's how alex made his choice.
0	and this is going to be julia.
0	did they come out of the campaign?
0	i've had work to where i am.
0	the hospital gets the results mixed up.
0	israel says protesters posed a threat yesterday.
0	the people die they hire the people.
0	and i kept saying no no. einstein.
0	npr's jim zarroli has this look back.
0	you're welcome and have a good weekend.
0	and that's how it goes for pryor.
0	i don't think we're to that point.
0	a medagogue is someone who demagogues medicare.
0	and also the currents are very strong.
0	we feel like we're in los angeles.
0	he admits he's taking naps this semester.
0	i have done it quite a bit.
0	you know incoming is coming in everyday.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	shelton you had nightmares that first night.
0	his state is a notable arab-american population.
0	he says early advertisers have self-serving agendas.
0	he had a gun to his head.
0	tell us what it was like there.
0	the losers she thinks will be retailers.
0	okay yeah but it's bigger than $3,000.
0	yeah just remind us what that was.
0	he is the assistant principal at 318.
0	lots of potholes and they're big potholes.
0	she even wrote a book about it.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	it was just one thing after another.
0	mayor tergin thanks for speaking with us.
0	it was just a regular public school.
0	i think it's worse than a ploy.
0	we have to make this a wrap.
0	bonds one home run away from history.
0	that limited fighting though is fairly intense.
0	and i'm absolutely confident that they will.
0	kendall county's assessor concurs by the way.
0	so tell people why they should watch.
0	it's ok to live there to me.
0	then one day terry got an idea.
0	and richard simmons was that for you.
0	it's from breaking the bonds sort of.
0	so i got a piece of paper.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we're seeing vision problems some hearing loss.
0	and he's talking about the gop establishment.
0	his wife is on the seventh page.
0	they've been doing this since the 1970s.
0	this is a silly season in congress.
0	elna baker scouts stories for the show.
0	i think without doubt we're better off.
0	elna baker scouts stories for the show.
0	i just want to see him again.
0	the treatment fees are all listed here.
0	all right he's pretty clear to me.
0	every enterprise there was a state-owned monopoly.
0	caribou's was down just under 2 percent.
0	ian thanks very much for the call.
0	and i said well is everything fine?
0	today just a decade later it's reversed.
0	doesn't want to that i know of.
0	and all of them have been squashed.
0	but i understand not everyone's on board.
0	thanks very much for the call david.
0	is europe becoming more hostile towards immigrants?
0	it's very much of a status symbol.
0	the fine that we talked about before.
0	the study looked at media in general.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	an overall cap for even rocket scientists.
0	they hired a clown for her birthday.
0	here he just passed my interesting note.
0	they call me by somebody else's name.
0	the oil companies have warned against independence.
0	he was a lawyer in youngstown ohio.
0	throughout the story we meet several characters.
0	the dump is on if you will.
0	let's get listeners in on this conversation.
0	palestinians assumed this was an israeli strike.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and it's interesting how he missed it.
0	i'm really really going to miss it.
0	so pat do you drink bottled water?
0	let's take a call now from ron.
0	so you just came across the border.
0	bill good to have you with us.
0	a good day for canada trudeau said.
0	thanks very much for the call bob.
0	francis thinks all of that is concerning.
0	i started to yell at my counterpart.
0	and the city was just torn asunder.
0	he looks and acts just like them.
0	as adrianne jeffries writes you're welcome america.
0	gates bryant is with education growth advisors.
0	mrs. mattoon here's why i called you.
0	tell   us a little bit about that.
0	why what are the problems with it?
0	potentially this is a civil rights issue.
0	and i met a defector from is.
0	they snarl and swipe at each other.
0	i mean i'm out here doing that.
0	or how are baseball ratings in general?
0	later police discover that he was unarmed.
0	i can't use the well for watering.
0	you've been here what five years now?
0	so mike how does your program work?
0	chris welcome to talk of the nation.
0	moe welcome to talk of the nation.
0	let's hear from moe in san jose.
0	this is what it does to children.
0	npr has not independently confirmed that report.
0	every day all day he gets heckled.
0	you talk about the political girly man.
0	p.j. o'rourke joins us in a moment.
0	carol thanks so much for the call.
0	hoar testifies before congress and does interviews.
0	and who's responsible for vetting this information.
0	is it really an early warning system?
0	we believe that budgets are moral documents.
0	and that's where we aim our material.
0	yes give your name and that's it.
0	he was in russia for a wedding.
0	you know he does he loves children.
0	we worked so hard until after midnight.
0	i hope the administration will do so.
0	but john villasenor what do you think?
0	bruce thanks very much for joining us.
0	david thanks a lot for your call.
0	also sometimes not even a road map.
0	and you know only time will tell.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	motorcycle riders we die on the road.
0	and smiling can be good for you.
0	plus no one would've heard it anyway.
0	well 73 easting is a north-south gridline.
0	marie thanks very much for the call.
0	i just really felt angriest towards him.
0	you're telling an employer how to operate.
0	he was an advocate of erector sets.
0	so i thought that was pretty funny.
0	he was idealistic and also incredibly practical.
0	it's time now for our africa update.
0	hey mr. wash how are you doing?
0	and how does it attack the honeybee?
0	and the recovery has been so slow.
0	they also call him wash and washington.
0	we're talking about tort reform and healthcare.
0	her opponent juan carlos bermudez is cuban.
0	and you were like yo let's go.
0	things turned serious between nancy and jim.
0	what do you mean by patient's safety?
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	they served food in the chow line.
0	is there news on that tv crew?
0	is it a medical record or what?
0	let's get some callers on the line.
0	they tell me who my parents are.
0	we couldn't find anything special about him.
0	now ruiz is using that against him.
0	yeah the municipal government in puerto rico.
0	this is the exact time it happened.
0	he had no one to play with.
0	but first cataloging of a different kind.
0	and youof course you don't see everything.
0	but i didn't sense that not once.
0	this monologue pretty much sums it up.
0	where barack obama's parents grandparents were from.
0	have las vegas hotels installed metal detectors?
0	well look $3 a gallon is nothing.
0	she would be nearly eight years old.
0	i don't mean up a little bit.
0	and the individual tracks they are three-toed.
0	gm's oldest retiree is 110 years old.
0	can i get a word in here?
0	he did not believe in personal god.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	now you can call it nation building.
0	what can you tell us about him?
0	this is courtney rainy's radio rookies producer.
0	did you have wi-fi on the boat?
0	and so these are least putatively colorblind.
0	we can't even speak to each other.
0	well you know it's hard to say.
0	she's a big fan of self-help books.
0	whether to give or not   to give.
0	he thought his career might be over.
0	forty years since desegregation as you mentioned.
0	do you find that they're getting in?
0	we gotta get rid of these monsters.
0	the golf out there is really good.
0	think about those designers in silicon valley.
0	it's that great opportunity in our society.
0	charlie welcome to talk of the nation.
0	guests approached nainai to congratulate her smiling.
0	how was this report received in lebanon?
0	and i cannot wait for tomorrow night.
0	we're starting with dinner with a maharajah.
0	i mean there's room for debate there.
0	but i mean that's why i grieved.
0	how long had you worked with him?
0	welcome back to the show ken pollack.
0	east baton rouge district attorney hillar moore.
0	well i'd like to see fewer ads.
0	i don't know why i'm doing this.
0	but it made him re-evaluate his life.
0	prosecutors pointed to his record at trial.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	after that i pissed all over him.
0	i mean what will the wto do?
0	it was a better sort of music.
0	fifty-seven days remaining until the general election.
0	senior leila zilles took it this spring.
0	do i have that right dr. palese?
0	sheldon i appreciate your talking to me.
0	and i ask you what's a gpa?
0	so the best probably is still vaccination.
0	we invited him to your bar mitzvah.
0	well no i really am that cynical.
0	it seemed like a straight-up power grab.
0	life is going on in war-torn libya.
0	there's a rat ready to come out.
0	you can hear the pun in there.
0	they have their corners of the city.
0	itswell it's more than a prestige buy.
0	one major complication was export control laws.
0	and that's just the way it is.
0	there's this emotional bond with this medium.
0	you've been studying colds for 30 years.
0	either the complainant or you are lying.
0	so that again is from desmond jolie.
0	yeah ever since my dad can remember.
0	we need to get shelter to them.
0	benji what is the matter with you?
0	charles is calling us from portland oregon.
0	well it's very interesting this year neal.
0	you know the roads are completely empty.
0	nice of you to be with us.
0	yes they were totally on our side.
0	and again each one has a role.
0	and the republicans have just fallen apart.
0	a long-sleeved shirt might go for $60.
0	and i can't really disagree with him.
0	what do you think we're leaving behind?
0	well tell us about some of them.
0	and the bus driver looked at me.
0	a police helicopter hovered above the scene.
0	so where is all of this headed?
0	but i think i'll let that pass.
0	i think he's describing an alternative reality.
0	so i feel really good about it.
0	i can't imagine where that came from.
0	and that's what this is really about.
0	nice to talk to you again jonathan.
0	it didn't matter who was in office.
0	it's really part of who you are.
0	they've made a big pile of them.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	that's such a ridiculous thing to do.
0	kathleen copson recalls her father's rare talent.
0	college kids do it all the time.
0	well there are a lot of issues.
0	that's precisely what the federal reserve did.
0	no last-second buzzer beaters no come-from-behind heroics.
0	a small slice of what they did.
0	and he said oh yeah they do.
0	the comedians i talked to were adamant.
0	well derrick i wish you good viewing.
0	i remember what do you care about?
0	his pads were like pink baby pads.
0	his book is called the royal ghosts.
0	marianne thanks very much for the call.
0	she's a dog walker and dog sitter.
0	let me ask you to examine that.
0	and i just wanted to uplift people.
0	kwitowski once created meals in fine restaurants.
0	it's much more as an intellectual thing.
0	it is it has huge historical significance.
0	and i was sitting at the bar.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	but again it's about jobs in america.
0	it is about free and fair elections.
0	pizzicato cellos where they pluck the strings.
0	the news is exaggerating to a degree.
0	john boice who is a radiation epidemiologist.
0	there's definitely a weird psychology to it.
0	but they'll do it behind your back.
0	it's happening out in the open online.
0	scan as you go they call it.
0	the subdivision's roads are rough and gravelly.
0	and then like someone else like- wtf?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you know that payroll tax is important.
0	jose steve welcome to news and notes.
0	i have two loving and understanding parents.
0	how many likes do we have now?
0	but overall home prices are still falling?
0	like it doesn't- it's kind of stupid.
0	we had five people in the car.
0	these days ahmed is a rare breed.
0	daniel estrin npr news the west bank.
0	so how'd you figure this one out?
0	what do you say in that situation?
0	right the gift that keeps on giving.
0	so then i realized well what's true?
0	so i'm going to miss him terribly.
0	how important were they to our alums?
0	iran is an exceptionally complicated political system.
0	i wonder and dave thanks very much.
0	how much does one celebrate a victory?
0	and she was very pleasant with him.
0	now would you consider doing street marketing?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	would you know enough to find them?
0	now let's start thinking about the stories.
0	how much money are we talking about?
0	it's a play a drama of manners.
0	so what is keeping investigators so busy?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it's kind of a scary-looking place actually.
0	my characters give life to real people.
0	don't worry robert we've all been there.
0	canada calls that charge baseless and unfounded.
0	it's not part of what we believe.
0	i mean again as science advances the.
0	you don't have to care about them.
0	and the benefits are really diffuse right?
0	and they have been feted here today.
0	corona thanks very much for the question.
0	it doesn't matter but norris is gone.
0	it's not from the republican national committee.
0	you win to this weeks no price.
0	what is law enforcement doing right now?
0	at first though the weather doesn't cooperate.
0	do you have any concerns about that?
0	is the response to this crisis different?
0	but you know no. not at all.
0	this session though the process broke down.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	and at this panel this nephrologist a.k.
0	because it seemed like he never cook.
0	there are it's very it's all relative.
0	abels is scoring an upcoming netflix film.
0	you can find his blog at jamesfallows.
0	half of our caucus voted for it.
0	she was the kindest sweetest human being.
0	and you're just thinking what what who?
0	she's not a total newcomer to politics.
0	he's got a beard a white turban.
0	here with the answer is andy   bowers.
0	it's partly in asia partly in europe.
0	and they're drawing inspiration from one another.
0	dr. grant there's a marijuana pill available.
0	charles thanks very much for the call.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	and it's been hard to come by.
0	and they know me in harlem too.
0	he was really good at making things.
0	i'll have to steal or kill someone.
0	i'm sorry i'm driving and i'm nervous.
0	so let's go to this bet issue.
0	sharif was a lot older than khalifa.
0	has it been studied for those diseases?
0	they have no medical interest in that.
0	b it's loaned to other bank costumers.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	i just wanted to take a chance.
0	and jan and i prayed about it.
0	rachel bishop is with the walgreen company.
0	that's why a company called storyful exists.
0	i mean he touches on that too.
0	sean cole has details and empirical data.
0	your clueless rants merely reinforce your ignorance.
0	bryan and kent both support this decision.
0	did you through any of that out?
0	stephanie thanks a lot for the call.
0	well it improved incrementally with each accommodation.
0	so i don't even do it anymore.
0	and they had somebody to talk to.
0	what are they looking for from you?
0	i don't deal a lot in hypotheticals.
0	for diaz this assignment is personal too.
0	but is the moon the right destination?
0	and i think you'll see single-purpose camcorders.
0	no. it was going to happen anyway.
0	what is the secret in cooking risotto?
0	how do you feel about our relationship?
0	federal judge neil gorsuch is the pick.
0	it's going to take a special girl.
0	it's going to be a huge electorate.
0	how do diplomats understand this new construct?
0	nine out of 10 of them were.
0	absolutely comes up time and time again.
0	my area was african-american women's history mainly.
0	he's in the twilight of his career.
0	i mean he spent a few years.
0	here's president trump at a press conference.
0	so it hurts like it happened yesterday?
0	you know like he was so impervious.
0	i would think this would be local.
0	mario always good when you come by.
0	i am still in march of 2005.
0	buzzfeed has new rules against deleting posts.
0	we're putting on our lab coats now.
0	how much you're really told about them?
0	i was an odd boy back then.
0	but first religious radicalism and american prisons.
0	blabdroid isn't the only cute robot here.
0	so let's talk about the game tomorrow.
0	this dude is straight out of africa.
0	and she joins us from new york.
0	yeah she was fascinated with my background.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i don't need like too many apps.
0	are their charges now coming from police?
0	she says they were full fledged bff's.
0	we have learned that hard fast rule.
0	that goal is not shared by maliki.
0	haider al-abadi is a dawa party mp.
0	we decided to go with just peter.
0	everybody knew that they were protecting them.
0	that became a baseline necessity for me.
0	don't ornaments carry a lot of baggage?
0	in bentiu south sudan i'm kelly mcevers.
0	bloomberg's andrew rosati is covering this story.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	on halloween all the doors will open.
0	they look straight in each other's eyes.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	it's the dog that didn't bark here.
0	it'll be deployed in about 18 months.
0	mentally spiritually they were living back home.
0	and you mean they'll just be flying?
0	and it apologizing comes hard for everyone.
0	john crescent cawed and he squeezed again.
0	you know is coach feis' family ok?
0	and if so what did they say?
0	but for them it's not really over.
0	if cows aren't your thing never fear.
0	jim as always thank you so much.
0	it also had a benefit for society.
0	in this crowd she plays the tomboy.
0	so what about when we eat food?
0	yeah there's a candy store on five.
0	and it is a very symbolic gesture.
0	the constitution it's supposed to protect us.
0	that's austin clubb the operations manager here.
0	that's the place for them little kids.
0	still bullock says she supports president obama.
0	and i put it on the sweatshirt.
0	and what kind of business is this?
0	it's a question of luck of chance.
0	it's our responsibility to eliminate this risk.
0	in 2004 tilly shocked the scientific world.
0	joining us today shavar jeffries from blackprof.
0	that was what rafik hariri resigned over.
0	we'll get to that in a moment.
0	but you just get to suspend reality.
0	and do hawks even eat peanut butter?
0	it was almost he was almost died.
0	how do you go about doing that?
0	and rock harper welcome to the show.
0	that's what people would say to me.
0	they know most of the people here.
0	i want to hear some more music.
0	have you ever had to do it?
0	like with the marine veteran ronald engberson.
0	she'll bring you a plate from home.
0	they were also trying to identify them.
0	most perished while trying to reach europe.
0	there are a number of different names.
0	over 300 facilities have come under attack.
0	why do you talk under your breath?
0	we have between 4,000 and 5,000 now.
0	well it's not clear what it means.
0	and i tried to take them away.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	both my parents are 100-plus pounds overweight.
0	he's had children started a small business.
0	so the chinese hold this big meeting.
0	she predicts a fight of monumental proportions.
0	the two really do twine for people.
0	thanks very much for joining us today.
0	this will help prevent a pat down.
0	brother lumou does most of the talking.
0	so the calendar is turning to 2018.
0	this is the show with zoey deschanel.
0	and so we had the first story.
0	was he dead to you after that?
0	robert redford was coming to our house.
0	npr's shankar vedantam speaking with steve inskeep.
0	they can't just go on ignoring it.
0	like maybe my chances are looking up.
0	and you know that is deeply affecting.
0	post-katrina that's so ordinary in new orleans.
0	by the way harry reid was wrong.
0	well she wrote back to my surprise.
0	yeah but who knows that that means.
0	and i'm going to miss it sorely.
0	you can't let yourself fall into that.
0	we have   nothing to do with this.
0	they are so frightened of the audience.
0	you know my daughter's 10 years old.
0	that spring wolfgram was up for reelection.
0	i have great admiration for the man.
0	they're not so much critical of science.
0	and single for 38 years she adds.
0	he joins us from kxot in seattle.
0	we've seen big change in household composition.
0	she'll join us in just a moment.
0	he's what's known as a political appointee.
0	they didn't call a customer service line.
0	larkana has a rich history rich agriculture.
0	that's indicating that he did something wrong.
0	it was 13 years of somewhat relief.
0	ari thank you for being with us.
0	the hurt would have been less then.
0	but so far they are at home.
0	she is defining inflation as price increases.
0	what did president trump ask and why?
0	exports have plummeted foreign investors have fled.
0	that kind of ratio was completely unsustainable.
0	this is just- it's not going well.
0	so when we look at where people.
0	i know what's so hard about it?
0	but it just caught on fire immediately.
0	i think we have some of that.
0	the minnesota senate election still isn't certified.
0	they're not people in wheelchairs like him.
0	they're being sent to rapidly expanding prisons.
0	you know its a very good point.
0	well he comes into a competitive market.
0	every teenager can have a bad day.
0	so what did the fliers say specifically?
0	i've been meaning to tell you that.
0	but what if today something unexpected happened?
0	on the other hand terrorism has fallen.
0	he'll try to juggle everything by himself.
0	i'm freaking out- i mean screaming crying.
0	i'm staying and i'll do my job.
0	am i supposed to turn myself in?
0	so it runs back under the couch.
0	and there's lots of people who didn't.
0	that's the number freddie set for him.
0	justinjustin's on the line from san antonio.
0	maybe in affluent areas like silicon valley.
0	but in but i bought a record.
0	where did rza get that sample from?
0	and i that's when i started deejaying.
0	we fail at a lot of things.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and before then they thought it wasn't.
0	npr national political correspondent don gonyea reports.
0	alan is calling us from phoenix arizona.
0	there was all these cameras you know?
0	i was there '63 '64 and '66.
0	i guess your first year was 1964?
0	now let's come out of the campaign.
0	they turned and said to each other.
0	the government says three people were killed.
0	lydia millet welcome to all things considered.
0	i'm neal conan along with ted koppel.
0	and i think the answer is yes.
0	unfortunately they thawed and worked just fine.
0	you can just buy them for you.
0	why would that not be workable solution?
0	this has become a big campaign issue.
0	and they won't stop on january 3rd.
0	and they'll remove the animal for you.
0	first jamie needs to find a witness.
0	and they'll put a humane trap down.
0	that doesn't work in the middle east.
0	it's going to be terrified of me.
0	i put a magazine under the cup.
0	npr's juan forero reports from bogota colombia.
0	he works merlefest with us every year.
0	he's like you gotta try this guitar.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i mean you make plenty of mistakes.
0	i spoke to richard doherty about this.
0	i mean now that's an important contest.
0	i think there's no question about that.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	so testing isn't the only solution ira.
0	the other one is a new one.
0	remind us ofthank you very much linda.
0	is that a long-term negotiation with sonora?
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	she claimed he was unstable and bipolar.
0	good morning rachel great to be here.
0	ki had read a lot about firewalks.
0	the government came in with big bucks.
0	you have to have made some compromises.
0	shani davis is not a race hero.
0	you don't need to march on washington.
0	he joins us from wisconsin public radio.
0	your partner will fail to understand you.
0	remember this is 40 years before fitbits.
0	that would i have dated fat elna?
0	i mean he's like an asian man.
0	i don't know what's going to happen.
0	but their music took an odd turn.
0	do you think it's an art form?
0	you know it's i should stop that.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	david thanks so much for coming in.
0	hezbollah has only fielded 11 shiite candidates.
0	well don't run the kingston trio down.
0	so that's how the system works here.
0	and he never did at the camp.
0	we went against the odds all year.
0	actually i've written a novel on this.
0	what mrs. clinton touts is her experiences.
0	you should come out today right today.
0	i know but i love this car.
0	children are working and begging on streets.
0	and i was affected as a mother.
0	i want to ask you a question.
0	here he is in an october debate.
0	i teach english at a community college.
0	all right well are you working now?
0	he's saying i'm going to be here.
0	they get their bonus from chrysler $68,000.
0	is he related to bob at all?
0	peter is the salesman for that one.
0	you don't know where they were taken?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	given i think he should've accepted michelle.
0	she isn't sure where they're   headed next.
0	i agree with david to some degree.
0	these relationships are so important to people.
0	you never really know on capitol hill.
0	this made a wonderful hollow ringing noise.
0	you still got the receipt for them?
0	there are a few people hanging around.
0	you know the man is obviously campaigning.
0	but a means of support on friday.
0	but unfortunately it might cause a disaster.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	that means that the resolution will pass.
0	what do you think about it now?
0	yes but the underlying tensions are not.
0	yes it has an effect on elections.
0	and you're saying that was the norm?
0	everybody wanted to get their first kill.
0	it's almost like a count dracula laugh.
0	and so you never did kill anyone.
0	they're all gonna chill out play cards.
0	no and get out of here kid.
0	they just stood there staring straight ahead.
0	and we've been closed for how long?
0	all but one of them are foreigners.
0	for npr i'm jerome socolovsky in madrid.
0	firstly do you think that it's authentic?
0	i love t.o. i love ocho cinco.
0	what does that program say to you?
0	do you think you're seeking them out?
0	here they are on a sewing machine.
0	so what's going on with the g-man?
0	that is definitely part of the intrigue.
0	i don't come from a military family.
0	aaron smith is 17 in 11th grade.
0	they made salty cheese sold in town.
0	to me it just sounded like mumbo-jumbo.
0	yeah or maybe there's too many facts.
0	magic johnson caught lightning in a bottle.
0	which you know not the typical answer.
0	this i mean southerland was elected 2010.
0	what are your plans for the future?
0	but demint has said he supports mcconnell.
0	if anything he was a bumbling bureaucrat.
0	he thought he knew himself pretty well.
0	no not the kurds the quds forces.
0	he reads us the message he   received.
0	maria diaz says she too is relieved.
0	don't forget he was supposed to win.
0	don lost grip on the shot line.
0	most ants only weigh a few milligrams.
0	you can understand why she's upset though.
0	on saturday pence admitted it's a challenge.
0	we all deal with this dislocation differently.
0	we're not going to lend to you.
0	a phone number written on a wall.
0	it's the sense of ordinary everyday life.
0	and isabel is calling from waco texas.
0	then the affordable care act came along.
0	al-arabiya's   approach has apparently angered the insurgents.
0	and that put him on the defensive.
0	i tend to think this is wrong.
0	how do you put it all together?
0	then three months later in birmingham ala.
0	his payment will be $425 a month.
0	we just heard your report about that.
0	but of course that leverage is double-edged.
0	well mr. smyre thank you so much.
0	but we had a lot of fun.
0	lead singer davy jones and the monkees.
0	lewis was re-elected to congress without opposition.
0	i don't want you to get excited.
0	everyone is glued to the television sets.
0	well it may have permission from somebody.
0	the show's second season begins tomorrow night.
0	and i didn't know about seeking assistance.
0	you can declare victory and get out.
0	and these are al-qaida targets and suspects.
0	but we're not going to do that.
0	and i don't know spoiler alert here?
0	you know he has been so voluble.
0	not a happy period in my life.
0	so there's a lot of connections there.
0	president obama did a written question-and-answer session.
0	now can we talk about those ingredients?
0	and my 60th birthday something special right?
0	so i have no problem with it.
0	she and i really didn't get along.
0	i'll make it up to him later.
0	he joined us from wbur in boston.
0	they feel like they need the ball.
0	what human writing could seem worth it?
0	dogs cats rats squirrels possums all that.
0	the entire plot stems from that fact.
0	so i you know i'm just lost.
0	she enlisted in the army at 20.
0	connie louise johnson is from thibodeaux louisiana.
0	to sign up and to get organized.
0	daniel thanks so much for joining us.
0	and he is one of those people.
0	well thank you very much for that.
0	on turbo tax e-filing costs me $16.95.
0	well a lot of horses look alike.
0	first up former dallas mayor tom leppert.
0	they would pound them into a paste.
0	and i just have to ask mongolia?
0	so the place is pretty much packed.
0	and boy is he right about that.
0	carol with us from woodside in california.
0	republican casey cagle did not like that.
0	steve thanks so much for your reporting.
0	then there was markham's portrayal of africa.
0	we do not want to go there.
0	the big   increase was in traffic flow.
0	and let's get jake on the line.
0	and it was a stunner i'm told.
0	that's an automatic weapon a machine gun.
0	and she really got attached to it.
0	the counts differ exactly on the numbers.
0	it's worth approximately between 15 and $20,000.
0	we don't want to hear from you.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's partially what jazz teaches us about.
0	you're not going to have huntington's disease.
0	and josh doesn't just support republican policies.
0	they had military superiority on the plains.
0	but how does it affect your business?
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	and here is exactly why she's come.
0	governor manchin thanks for talking with us.
0	well jamie gibson is here to explain.
0	for now all eyes are on prabhakaran.
0	and then he asked to be traded.
0	and that's what bobby wants to do.
0	they ultimately protected generations of future workers.
0	well it ended in a final siege.
0	thanks so much for having us melissa.
0	he used to be a homicide detective.
0	it's going to take all of us.
0	this conflict simply does not go away.
0	his name went on a waiting list.
0	today facebook announced its own email service.
0	other musical help today from john connors.
0	that puts my bill at about $354.
0	we don't know of any actual abuse.
0	i was looking for some transcendent meaning.
0	i don't give a shit about him.
0	well the meetings yesterday were almost continuous.
0	they certainly wouldn't test for nanoparticles now.
0	in fact he's done the exact opposite.
0	it's like they said we americanized now.
0	that's a long time for my kind.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he says he hates dealing with banks.
0	i had dinner with jean and evelyn.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and they've really made some major improvements.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	it continues to   be a growing city.
0	you went to a slaughterhouse in omaha.
0	end of the day you need more.
0	she's got an adventurous mind and soul.
0	you've literally made a space for jaguars.
0	where's my pick doesn't quite do it.
0	didn't you cover this ground before yesterday?
0	do you   recognize any of these men?
0	that's why they're called black holes right?
0	and they say they've got thousands out.
0	that's by and large not the case.
0	that should be appropriate for that exam.
0	i also practiced in kentucky as well.
0	he found his first love in italy.
0	from new delhi npr's julie mccarthy reports.
0	that's nascar chief operating officer brent dewar.
0	i said i'm not touching your car.
0	he means it wasn't a complete disaster.
0	all governmentsbig small and in betweenexperience   corruption.
0	it's weighty but it does the trick.
0	hugh welcome to talk of the nation.
0	all right julie let's take another call.
0	we were talking about your employer plans.
0	i'm so glad you asked the question.
0	it's just you and an acoustic guitar.
0	they're anxious about things changing too fast.
0	there are somalis in the room too.
0	they didn't come to subvert the constitution.
0	but you can talk fluently to animals.
0	but here's what's most striking about alaska.
0	i better look at what was wrong.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	rude words spoken to each other's wives.
0	i don't know anybody by that name.
0	there's a professor who does open book.
0	they come out of the booth together.
0	it's a vowel consonant in that order.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	they don't want you on it basically.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	well you touched on this earlier tony.
0	it's a predominantly african-american neighborhood in tulsa.
0	let's get john back on the line.
0	this isn't just some kind   of prejudice.
0	this is not what tulsa oklahoma's about.
0	it's kind of like a pta meeting.
0	ahmad still runs a tiny gambling den.
0	is this the worst of the worst?
0	thanks very much for the call sheila.
0	manaf stops translating and turns to me.
0	i don't think it's a felony violation.
0	that moment of recognition passed very quickly.
0	he appeared to be anticipating this question.
0	what would be the estimate on that?
0	so let me give you an example.
0	and i asked them why that is.
0	and there's a good reason for it.
0	and they're going to have different outcomes.
0	this summer ironside made a hard decision.
0	i'll maybe come back to that one.
0	that is not course of action one.
0	dave thanks very much for the call.
0	well that looks pretty good on tv.
0	is there some flat rate of numbers?
0	eyebrow and beard threadings go for 1.
0	now just define a recession for me.
0	they sold it for $400,000 or so.
0	we've been knocking on doors this week.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but of course they never did that.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	i would put myself in this camp.
0	a tbi is a traumatic brain injury.
0	she's also a u.s. senator from missouri.
0	one of our producers miki meek visited.
0	so there's improportionate burden on okinawa people.
0	so you know what   they sometimes do?
0	it makes you want to stop right?
0	alex thomas' wife is one of them.
0	one would think that but it's interesting.
0	how can we ever trust him again?
0	we're telling our clients: stay the course.
0	after 20-plus years in idaho now right?
0	we shouldn't get involved in cultural issues.
0	i call him a modern founding father.
0	so a big job has been done.
0	he'll be like that was funny right?
0	so very matter of fact very military.
0	so what does the west do now?
0	he clearly is a very rational person.
0	now saakashvili is known for being blunt.
0	and that's not just romney campaign spin.
0	that there's always some excitement in that.
0	and that's really part of the problem.
0	so overnight people's living costs became enormous.
0	this is actually now the   northeast district.
0	and la'ona dewilde comes from huslia alaska.
0	a big one is clarifying insurance laws.
0	do you think the skepticism is justified?
0	most members of congress are in denial.
0	o'rourke a low opinion of most politicians.
0	in other words people find them useful.
0	i thought that was an awkward expression.
0	it's too much for me this ocean.
0	then comes december 30 the next day.
0	and i'll have to get your book.
0	what is president trump saying about that?
0	mary anderson died recently at age 107.
0	plus i got 26,000 points from that.
0	maybe we'll give that a shot someday.
0	that's a part of his routine also.
0	it's like an hour outside of la.
0	would you like to hang out again?
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	there's only a program or the church.
0	and i'm joe abate from chesterfield virginia.
0	sykes has already violated his parole once.
0	another was shot over a television set.
0	and that's what makes the difference here.
0	she is a republican lawmaker in kansas.
0	but i couldn't say it out loud.
0	and thanks for having me here neal.
0	you couldn't require families to have children.
0	ira flatow's here tomorrow with science friday.
0	a whopper of a mistake you say.
0	effective date for part a september '93.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	so it can be a big undertaking.
0	he would get so sick about it.
0	i say would you pay for this?
0	comedians how did you find your funny?
0	i do wonder what he'd say now.
0	let's go now to this is hollis.
0	he's an analyst with the rand corporation.
0	it's what they do around the world.
0	and what do you think about that?
0	that clip was courtesy of comedy central.
0	we'll have reactions from kenya and harlem.
0	i kind of go into repair mode.
0	you know you could have done it.
0	the republicans got crushed in the midterms.
0	yes indeed and so it is interesting.
0	npr's jim zarroli thank you so much.
0	the people get pulled out the car.
0	and i was on gmail very recently.
0	i've got a few words to say.
0	and also it encourages banks to lend.
0	and that's from the good news tent.
0	it's a great pleasure to be here.
0	nine people ended up at the hospital.
0	you take whatever victories you can get.
0	it's a funny old world those shows.
0	you know we're talking about zero-tolerance america.
0	karen's with us from columbia south carolina.
0	so sooner or later you fight back.
0	she goes what- what have you done?
0	thank you very much for that adolfo.
0	i will take another one at 4:00.
0	i mean did you really like it?
0	yes i just wanted to call in.
0	it has a certain plausibility to it.
0	and i don't think iraq attacked us.
0	it's like ok now who am i?
0	how would you go about communicating that?
0	he formed a men's only book club.
0	i would do something about home ownership.
0	let's go to bill in stockton california.
0	it's just how people answer this question.
0	and you say soldiers need spiritual preparation.
0	i was just like you don't know.
0	in fact he's a 28-year-old stats nerd.
0	that's why ronald reagan made certain decisions.
0	so bring us up to date curt.
0	and also with us is curt nickisch.
0	and wilt chamberlain could never say that.
0	doesn't stay buried though does it john?
0	john thanks very much for the call.
0	this was literally kill or be killed.
0	mr. falkvinge congratulations on your recent victory.
0	you don't know how sorry i yam.
0	why do you think this works estelle?
0	they would immediately have taken his side.
0	i think barack can actually do it.
0	my dad marched with martin luther king.
0	we knocked on over 2 million doors.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and he really praised ghana in particular.
0	and some of these crimes are bad.
0	is this something that you would like?
0	i flew a slow ugly reconnaissance plane.
0	those are the phone calls and the.
0	that's one factor that's going on here.
0	many of them don't   have clear claims.
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	so prevention was very much a focus.
0	i think part of that reflects tiredness.
0	it's the beginning of the change process.
0	and obviously the goals escalate over time?
0	look palestine was occupied by the israelis.
0	happy new year to you too ailsa.
0	i have certainly left my heart there.
0	you don't need to worry about us.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	would that be the same here also?
0	they raised their right hands and pledged.
0	and he was like you know what?
0	i'm giving the phone to daina now.
0	now he's a regular paddler down here.
0	homer has a background in aerospace engineering.
0	but here's the miracle of all times.
0	it's completely from their point of view.
0	and what does that mean to you?
0	the phone booth is surrounded by snow.
0	jeff cohen from member station wnpr reports.
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	i would not vote for you sir.
0	and we even have some canned applause.
0	and he described their treatment of prisoners.
0	and doug is really into this one.
0	jill stein you are a medical doctor.
0	so at this point it's just him.
0	but some house republicans aren't so sure.
0	he's really the heart of this story.
0	so regarding coffee i go like middle.
0	we were talking about his daily routine.
0	it's from a sociologist named mark granovetter.
0	you've got gmail and hotmail and yahoo!
0	and that's where your data is sitting.
0	but the gun ads did bother me.
0	ron elving is npr's senior washington editor.
0	think of it like a cotillion ball.
0	it didn't live up to that duty.
0	there are persons that have been tortured.
0	is this a limit on free speech?
0	now i want to talk to you.
0	we hired 230 additional people in may.
0	is that likely to change this week?
0	and i have not even mentioned katrina.
0	since then things seem to have improved.
0	why she asks ban only child porn?
0	you can email us your nominee now.
0	girls at 12 get a trinket necklace.
0	but i've seen pacman outlived in atlanta.
0	after katrina a lot of people moved.
0	who's more likely to send us someplace?
0	in november we couldn't even tread water.
0	a big sit-down meal in daytime's unnerving.
0	and michael why did these ministers resign?
0	herb thanks very much for the call.
0	i was worried about tarek and hadil.
0	and so i'm looking at the floor.
0	people were sleeping in their cars overnight.
0	what were the violations that they found?
0	now it may come down to pennsylvania.
0	and san francisco audience love that song.
0	and it looks like a war zone.
0	we bring big pumps that are diesel-driven.
0	i made a mistake with the set.
0	many of them come from lower-income backgrounds.
0	it's the start of the school year.
0	they just want to keep people out.
0	they can do it all with panache.
0	we need some of the infrastructure back.
0	they're scared meaning we scared the fbi.
0	but it seemed like a lost cause.
0	students have a wide variety of experiences.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	but lisa had a lot of rules.
0	well you want me to speak it?
0	anne insisted he find a therapist immediately.
0	tamara keith npr news the white house.
0	what about they reconstruct things in iraq.
0	but i mean you know it sucks.
0	well the problem in their homes varies.
0	was just i didn't have no audience.
0	senator obama has yet to do so.
0	like all i did was stab him.
0	other than that we told our kids.
0	maybe i don't share his personal beliefs.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it's the chapter with the fewest instructions.
0	my 3.1 phillip lim for target top.
0	i need to consult with my client.
0	but it's hard to forget about that.
0	ira flatow's here tomorrow with science friday.
0	is that your case there in boise?
0	did the municipality pay for your ticket?
0	we protested against the regime she says.
0	might as well see if she's home.
0	so it was really a wide-ranging action.
0	we just all sat around just talking.
0	holly thanks so much for the call.
0	valerie thanks very much for the call.
0	so the resentment against syrians has grown.
0	so nina where does this leave republicans?
0	it was something that had been   discussed.
0	what can they possibly like about this?
0	in 2006 republican leaders came under investigation.
0	there are no do-overs with the census.
0	it will stop doing so next month.
0	but nancy wanted ben to do better.
0	well ok thank you for calling first.
0	bernanke said the economy continues to improve.
0	how do you assess that idea now?
0	so maybe jakes has more moral authority.
0	and the mice themselves had offspring also?
0	but they persist in their going forward.
0	and that's when i slept a lot.
0	a new poll ranks nations by patriotism.
0	because i'm so grateful for the plan.
0	can i do a reporting here kristy?
0	laying on the couch watching the game.
0	we never sold a movie in china.
0	why did you want to do this?
0	he is gay and he is hiv-positive.
0	let's talk about hope for a moment.
0	this is sort of a controversial deal.
0	but these allegations against allen aren't new.
0	for us china was a dead territory.
0	message control even at the village level.
0	people were all sort of playing diplomacy.
0	probably about as much as you think.
0	no no. there is never too far.
0	and i'm like- i'm looking at her.
0	we thank you very much for that.
0	i wanted him to stop and think.
0	that's a really big decision to make.
0	sometimes it worked and sometimes it didn't.
0	robert george marcelo suarez-orozco and callie crossley.
0	i trust that this is a river.
0	beyond that i wouldnt want to go.
0	approximately 150,000 americans get it each year.
0	he turned it down and he resigned.
0	no but i will call you back.
0	it's a graphic memoir about his childhood.
0	and many of them never saw it.
0	i mean laurel has a 99-year history.
0	and that's exactly what happened you know?
0	and if they weren't he'd fire them.
0	and you told him you bought that.
0	now there are a couple of explanations.
0	the iraqi security forces are pretty   jumpy.
0	lovegreen makes his living cup by cup.
0	and it was a very expensive investigation.
0	here's what you said at the time.
0	why do we deny people this medicine?
0	the bird is this thing to protect.
0	absentee ballots have not really changed that.
0	in fact they knew nothing about motels.
0	i'm seeing ambulances go in another direction.
0	your large intestine- you had a colonoscopy?
0	he had no idea where they were.
0	kunm's sarah gustavos contributed to our report.
0	i'm definitely proud of being a geordie.
0	they're looking at years in the wilderness.
0	you know that's plenty big and round.
0	it seemed to to senator warner though.
0	that's katy park who teaches the class.
0	susanna capelouto of georgia public broadcasting reports.
0	one should change the method of delivery.
0	she steals a bra and one loafer.
0	we turn to npr's rob gifford now.
0	we have social problems in several countries.
0	john let's start first with the amount.
0	and the united states as a whole.
0	on one side the hasidim all white.
0	let's hear how he kept answering it.
0	it is a garage- a literal garage.
0	we've got nowhere to go come on.
0	so there's something we're holding on to.
0	and you just think gosh darn it.
0	the executive order just refers to lobbying.
0	carmen says this wasn't an isolated incident.
0	they're trying to protect the whole country.
0	eddie thanks so very much for that.
0	that's the business end of the resolution.
0	this was not a detroit story then.
0	but the fbi is not regular people.
0	don't penalize us for that they say.
0	it's near the northern border with turkey.
0	my next guest has a few ideas.
0	were you ever a secret policeman here?
0	but there's a problem with some leds.
0	and it shows you how change is.
0	ok i'm going to start the music.
0	here's another way to think about it.
0	we were in the kitchen cooking sausage.
0	but those questions appear to be answered.
0	mrs. liu's home is guarded by police.
0	would it be ethical to do so?
0	how do we make them whole again?
0	and we know what the answers are.
0	for him this is a great day.
0	so they decided not to publish it.
0	people are marketing you know bulletproof backpacks.
0	which would come what 70 years later?
0	more than 70 million americans are enrolled.
0	the city approved a new business tax.
0	they don't understand why they're behind bars.
0	dr. johnson-freese what is china's primary motivation?
0	we're going to try to explore this.
0	so essentially it's all a big canard.
0	they don't use regular dollars do they?
0	you could probably buy them for $10.
0	they drank a lot he knows that.
0	nancy comes in the house she said.
0	and you know we might want to.
0	we're going to leave it right there.
0	they don't want to change the policies.
0	so it gives you a first-order look.
0	it's been able to cushion the blow.
0	and thank you for taking my call.
0	no. it's been a very powerful response.
0	the family had to rebuild from nothing.
0	some are just here for the job.
0	and that that is a persuasive argument.
0	i'm not exactly sure where that is.
0	and these people habits were their lives.
0	and it got more and more worrisome.
0	he wants us to send him money?
0	thank you very much for talking here.
0	everyone knows we can't sign those papers.
0	she's now the head of clinical psychiatry.
0	i talked to cheese expert paul kinstedt.
0	jeanie thanks very much for the call.
0	you're a patient of this mental hospital.
0	corey flintoff npr news helmand province afghanistan.
0	some of them have lost their jobs.
0	and i don't think it's the media.
0	and i was surprised to read that.
0	very few people ever see that floor.
0	we moved a couple of months later.
0	john what do you make of that?
0	they didn't think it was that neat.
0	the second shoe is the united states.
0	but then there was too much enthusiasm.
0	i mean this president is in trouble.
0	these are called meta-analyses and systematic analyses.
0	lulu it's a pleasure to be here.
0	that's one for the books 38 witnesses.
0	so you have to abort any pregnancy.
0	it's somebody else telling this stupid story.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	she has a different informal savings strategy.
0	now to a former republican presidential candidate.
0	no because i knew i couldn't afford.
0	so let's take them section by section.
0	something happen to you you don't know.
0	the problem is that these systems always.
0	and i wanted a caramel frappachino please.
0	i mean it's very hard to prove.
0	and where do you go from here?
0	he took my life to another level.
0	what are texas officials saying about this?
0	let's go to dustin in oshkosh wisconsin.
0	i appreciate both of you coming on.
0	and there was no end in sight.
0	trump is not going to do anything.
0	so no i haven't thought about that.
0	jordan thanks very much for the call.
0	but she was just talking about this.
0	so what did you make of that?
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	oh i will do that with pleasure.
0	there're two ways to look at this.
0	i think it was a smart move.
0	so i'm going to play a song.
0	his home was destroyed on wednesday night.
0	what kind of toys do you buy?
0	now joining us we've got yolanda moses.
0	good morning my name is fred lappe.
0	some of the victorians have 10-foot ceilings.
0	dominican republic achieved lots of economic growth.
0	and so there is a tension there.
0	well the president is doing two things.
0	i think it's a little bit ridiculous.
0	master p. thank you for coming in.
0	and congratulations oliver on winning the prize.
0	it's not something you can just do.
0	you've got to bring more ice in.
0	elna baker scouts stories for the show.
0	their water hose is burned and useless.
0	why the need for this new bill?
0	i mean there's no doubt about it.
0	and let's get dennis on the line.
0	like how plausible are they as businesses?
0	getting the airport to be more efficient?
0	it's a roller coaster for these people.
0	so esperanza spalding she's a bass player.
0	you want to know my initial reaction?
0	i heard you say it like that.
0	and i really can't handle it sometimes.
0	npr's elise hu is covering the race.
0	they come on the air with him.
0	you know it's not a big neighborhood.
0	and he joins us now by phone.
0	you're on track for a pancreatitis attack.
0	he insists he is not a hero.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	npr's legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	how do we move forward from here?
0	but there's also something else that's new.
0	those move very quickly through the canyons.
0	but that isn't what jack lew does.
0	you don't have to come to school.
0	he and i really not getting along.
0	oh pam i'm sorry to hear that.
0	so it's not out of the question.
0	i think abnormal maybe a little strong.
0	they use the tools that they know.
0	and of course she got a spot.
0	sarah was approachable sympathetic funny and unexpected.
0	he was kind of a dwarflike himself.
0	she can bring the spirit back where?
0	and it's more than just a partnership.
0	so there was a very complex relationship.
0	welcome andrew to talk of the nation.
0	but man i think about the future.
0	prison officials don't have good answers yet.
0	the texture as you say is spongy.
0	and seeing firearms might agitate certain patients.
0	she just don't know me that well.
0	why would i want that to succeed?
0	i'm running for congress in our area.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	thank you for talking with us sir.
0	and she sent me a text back.
0	that's not why i want to go.
0	how many animals are we talking about?
0	i have to say i loved it.
0	from killeen texas here's npr's wade goodwyn.
0	i think that's a step too far.
0	cruz might not be the stereotypical texan.
0	i'm going to be cry you know.
0	landlords were no longer maintaining their properties.
0	and enjoy that really hectic tour schedule.
0	it's day to day from npr news.
0	thanks a lot for joining us today.
0	then they would have a study hall.
0	you want our money and our silence.
0	maybe questions could be more clearly asked.
0	i have to curl my knees up.
0	so yeah what's going on for inauguration?
0	that was what happened to my roommate.
0	it's half in mandarin half in english.
0	and the times was running with it.
0	the old lady on   the rocking chair.
0	george robert and e.r. thanks so   much.
0	i also have a tie you know.
0	i mean what have people been saying?
0	which is probably about a month earlier.
0	yesterday was a day of frenetic activity.
0	that's called venlafaxine or effexor extended release.
0	he says the inconclusive result was surprising.
0	did they mention the boston marathon bombing?
0	editor-in-chief of the atlantic magazine jeffrey goldberg.
0	so we've turned the tables on you.
0	about an hour later ibragim was shot.
0	the sidewalk was crammed full of people.
0	michelle obama kind of has two identities.
0	mr. minister welcome to day to day.
0	because there aren't any black people there.
0	thanks so much to both of you.
0	marijuana is still a schedule i drug.
0	i'm just gonna leave the recorder running.
0	and murphy congressman from pennsylvania for iraq.
0	i do have a couple questions however.
0	people question the judgment of this man.
0	well it depends how you define victory.
0	i mean that's not good for anyone.
0	we'll get back to you dr. madras.
0	it's coming from a place of fear.
0	and eventually this film did get made.
0	so start with the u.s. stance here.
0	act three wait wait don't film me.
0	this is something that is already illegal.
0	and i faced it and i survived.
0	so it was a very diverse area.
0	his parents his teachers everyone felt helpless.
0	now there's more and more of them.
0	he'd say i'm from here or america.
0	you've been in business since 1946 right?
0	so he's taken a very hard line.
0	he founded his own video game company.
0	apparently that's a lesser sin than infidelity.
0	you're quite right about the other two.
0	i mean he should have known better.
0	and i reserve a lot of optimism.
0	and russians will say the same thing.
0	npr's greg myre thank you very much.
0	the fema director is working 24 hours.
0	this is a battle of the behemoths.
0	might be a folk hero to them.
0	well i mean foreign reserves are up.
0	which is like you said it's well-grounded.
0	and i said everything was going great.
0	they deserve to have their privacy protected.
0	i would also say it's the bigness.
0	so hurricanes aren't just a weather phenomenon.
0	maryann you're on talk of the nation.
0	i was expecting you to become nurse.
0	she's an international tax attorney in chicago.
0	there's no mudslinging or political attack ads.
0	rahm emanuel referred to it as blackmail.
0	and i listen to npr a lot.
0	there's a lot that goes into this.
0	and it's kind of like we are.
0	john trained ibragim for his professional fights.
0	they have until next month to appeal.
0	faster than we would like i'm sure.
0	the most important thing is the mission.
0	you called president bush a loser once.
0	there were dozens of light bulbs inside.
0	i should say i'm not a doctor.
0	you'd ask what's in the news today?
0	those were san diego portland and honolulu.
0	they're still out there sending data back?
0	in public with the crowd to watch.
0	she didn't know that other people didn't.
0	jazz all right this may be controversial.
0	and then we go a few stops.
0	and this lady walks onto the bus.
0	now i went past my target depth.
0	but will that ring sound the same?
0	and then i have that teachable moment.
0	the general was not a bloodthirsty killer.
0	and now al-jazeera itself may be changing.
0	npr's ailsa chang reports from the capitol.
0	was there is that the real character?
0	he said they could begin october 17th.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	very important to build co-sponsors that support.
0	our can-do americanism can work against us.
0	learning jazz is like learning conversational music.
0	you can take a look at that.
0	they're 51 percent not great but holding.
0	open it up or it's coming down.
0	let's hear a clip from al-jazeera arabic.
0	the gospel according to the other mary.
0	is mladic resisting extradition to the hague?
0	i told him it would be ok.
0	it usually lasts three or four days.
0	for what she'd rather not say either.
0	they're very very difficult cultures to survive.
0	i'm audie cornish in for liane hansen.
0	there's not a lot of spectrum remaining.
0	am i going to support barack obama?
0	i had these two pieces of wood.
0	yeah it's supposed to be a thing.
0	the federal law   is a good law.
0	where were you on september 11 2001?
0	and guy first tell us about afghanistan.
0	and from there her career took off.
0	but hopefully it'll work this time again.
0	why should they get our best toys?
0	and what do you think of it?
0	well the palestinians very much enjoy al-jazeera.
0	and we're taking your calls at 800-989-8255.
0	they started calling me the christmas queen.
0	and we'll ask them to our guests.
0	i don't know why they're doing it.
0	but they but surely they'll be mentioned.
0	they didn't have any to give me.
0	you can hear it in his voice.
0	usually cranky enough to take notes too.
0	who was john gould in his life?
0	shortly after the transplant some people did.
0	they want to arrest you she said.
0	tang shuxiu went to beijing in 2011.
0	another car must have hit the taxi.
0	let's bring in sheryl from houston texas.
0	remember the structure blumberg i tell myself.
0	before you suffocate your own fool self.
0	well that's up to the iraqi government.
0	nobody asked him any questions about anything.
0	and they said we don't have it.
0	but 33 miles a gallon is extreme.
0	when did the city get over it?
0	i'm sure you'll still be following it.
0	or maybe he had not been rude.
0	does it mean anything for you ira?
0	spin us a yarn about that here.
0	carmen segarra was one of these experts.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	why does it die when it did?
0	sometimes this term unnecessary force feels antiseptic.
0	this was her mom and asa's song.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he says no. but the walking does.
0	two border patrol trucks box them in.
0	i do not have an oedipal complex.
0	this is really a privilege thank you.
0	and what do you hope to achieve?
0	carrera's program costs about $2,500 per student.
0	and for me that was very prominent.
0	three schools are filled with muslim refugees.
0	that is the $64,000 question isn't it?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we do that sort of thing normally.
0	it's kind of the most notorious example.
0	i'd like to talk about the economy.
0	these women just want to be accepted.
0	is that a perception problem for republicans?
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	so i took advantage of being me.
0	no just left for a better opportunity.
0	poof it seemed the quasar just disappeared.
0	supermassive black holes aren't massive in size.
0	well i mean is it all fun?
0	he told me about his musical inspiration.
0	so not only are you fighting isis.
0	one looks like a small gray potato.
0	it's like we don't deal with perceptions.
0	their grandfather lived in the school district.
0	your protagonist andrew is a cognitive scientist.
0	and around orlando there are far more.
0	in flint michigan it was general motors.
0	but the other side wanted more points.
0	julie mccarthy npr news santa cruz bolivia.
0	those are all key states for trump.
0	but for chess fans it's anything but.
0	otherwise the town is almost completely empty.
0	mackenzie's mother megan stamper sees progress already.
0	and it's easy to see how right?
0	this was the main customs building here.
0	so why would they give up now?
0	it's just the way this culture works.
0	well i have to say not yet.
0	and the gaps can be huge right?
0	most people are very understanding of that.
0	her supervisors wanted her to stay too.
0	i mean is this like a joke?
0	in february alone employers added 268,000 jobs.
0	that evaluation is dated february 1 2007.
0	some of them are present in grapes.
0	he'll be here in a few seconds.
0	here are few lines from his letter.
0	but today nothing but praise for abe.
0	it's a blue shirt on your chair.
0	dewalt and detective flores went into action.
0	the youngest baby was four months old.
0	but fouchier doesn't see it that way.
0	we'll play more in a few minutes.
0	and i think you've never heard this.
0	he married and had a family here.
0	what do you mean by those statements?
0	since then there have been other incidents.
0	it was worth every bit of upset.
0	he may have been walking on ice.
0	there's another chunk of marsh that's gone.
0	i'd always thought a storm did that.
0	having had two-year-olds i truly believe that.
0	that's the only thing in the cart.
0	we have the power to do something.
0	i really appreciate your having me laura.
0	and from washington d.c. i'm alex chadwick.
0	how much of a surprise was that?
0	it wasn't a real place of course.
0	she's in istanbul and joins us now.
0	and you weren't your record wasn't selling.
0	i was feeling less   comfortable all along.
0	yeah we'll take your condom advertising money.
0	it is a hard thing to teach.
0	i hope you have an awesome day.
0	randy virgin is another local 1899 official.
0	did you hear what the dude said?
0	let me play you something else now.
0	now on to our special blogger's roundtable.
0	well it's how you look at it.
0	taking advantage of these helpless powerless individuals.
0	media's very very hard as you know.
0	and after that she refused to eat.
0	it's the system's fault for not listening.
0	and i'm like she's like a newborn.
0	there's no connection really with the masses.
0	are these clothes going to work ok?
0	they could account for some of it.
0	hey turn around and listen to me.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	disco deewane means disco crazy in urdu.
0	the world series returns to boston tomorrow.
0	so the yankees were worried about him.
0	k. tempest bradford who blogs at theangryblackwoman.
0	and he beat him like a drum.
0	what do you do with 130 doctors?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	chile sits on south america's western edge.
0	yesterday's primary was between two conservative republicans.
0	how much do we like the guy?
0	i mean i'm just baffled by this.
0	that's a real hard thing to take.
0	i had to walk that whole distance.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	very touching accounts of everybody banding together.
0	it must have made them feel good.
0	what is your role in this film?
0	and i'm renee montagne at npr west.
0	they went to guam and stayed there.
0	this was a long and complicated process.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	the sister looked very surprised and annoyed.
0	or is that still in the works?
0	of course that wasn't the only story.
0	we won't really know until they vote.
0	he could be speaking out more forcefully.
0	but even when it does she says.
0	neal it's great to be with you.
0	i got two toasts on the bar.
0	there's no question china's economy is slowing.
0	my mom used to make me toast.
0	he said he refused to do so.
0	williams was charged with murdering two   adults.
0	chang noticed that one had fused fingers.
0	and it's a real heartbreaker all around.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	take bison a company in lincoln neb.
0	i'm a lifeguard at the blue hole.
0	you're going to enjoy it in there.
0	some forces still remain loyal to him.
0	the glass beads come in different colors.
0	she's adjusted to it and she's happy.
0	who are the other people likely involved?
0	he'd only finally approved it in july.
0	you go back 20 30 40 years.
0	and there are a couple of runoffs.
0	so yeah sure i write every day.
0	kat thanks very much for coming in.
0	but bournville most certainly proved them wrong.
0	what do you think of that jim?
0	teacher reuben desilva is the other adviser.
0	wonder why it's not called the kitchen.
0	exactly fremont was 1856 lincoln was 1860.
0	what's been the response on the blog?
0	let's bring our other two guests in.
0	he wants to eliminate the entire command.
0	they cost millions of dollars each yeah.
0	aurora with us from miami in florida.
0	you take your car to the shop.
0	it's got a hemmingway-esque feel to it.
0	and are they more vulnerable to cuts?
0	more often than not they've been bestsellers.
0	it's an industrial city in north england.
0	what's a synonym for any military men?
0	he seemed like a really nice guy.
0	so that's another effect that you're seeing.
0	it seems to be much ore hidden.
0	and just one entry per person please.
0	they've called buchanan the republican the winner.
0	i just think it's a beautiful story.
0	thank you very much for that ira.
0	for days she wouldn't leave the house.
0	so this is called the ptsd checklist.
0	eleven ayes nine noes and one present.
0	well anthropologists have some very specific definitions.
0	did i have memories about the assault?
0	steny hoyer defeated her choice john murtha.
0	he says the fda's plan is appropriate.
0	i'm sick of looking at her face.
0	there's no doubt he committed the crime.
0	how big is the fair trade movement?
0	kathryn kase is his death penalty lawyer.
0	and things my kids are so into.
0	we talked and then we went home.
0	so that's what this book did yeah.
0	yeah no i agree totally with her.
0	they keep asking me questions he said.
0	cd sales are flat is that correct?
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	and then donald trump would watch it.
0	i've never had been into israel before.
0	welcome to talk of the nation nina.
0	kids really like talking to these devices.
0	he wasn't uncle asa the staunch segregationist.
0	the girls look nervous and unsettled unsmiling.
0	and it was a very emotional book.
0	well now what does that lawyer say?
0	this is a trope in evangelical discourse.
0	but with our vaccine you got 60%.
0	people google stuff they don't yahoo stuff.
0	so what do you do about that?
0	nice of you to join us today.
0	no. and it was a beautiful image.
0	but let's talk about more modern politics.
0	thanks very much for the call eric.
0	this may be where treslove comes from.
0	mark thanks very much for the call.
0	how do you say no to that?
0	but jim kept checking on the mice.
0	howard schultz loves these big dramatic gestures.
0	so is your book aimed at youngsters?
0	but it's costly both emotionally and financially.
0	it's a deeper issue of palestinian refugeehood.
0	and from your vantage point what's changed?
0	that's above the median price for boston.
0	he's the force behind negotiations with israel.
0	and the bible's no substitute for that.
0	they have ears but they can't hear.
0	why did you come up with this?
0	everyone sits down and the meeting starts.
0	maggie thanks very much for the call.
0	then he helped blagojevich become a congressman.
0	so perhaps giuliani dropping out helps mccain.
0	you can see photos films about it.
0	they're going to interview their science teachers.
0	they don't protest much not coming home.
0	from arizona public radio daniel kraker reports.
0	it's just saying we didn't find it.
0	and most important here is the ocean.
0	it was actually no way to live.
0	he was singing when he passed us.
0	he's returning to iraq in a month.
0	even if that's a couple of hundred.
0	many survivors are still without permanent homes.
0	there is simply no time to lose.
0	you know people actually set up shops.
0	i think that's a really good point.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	philip gordon advised president obama on syria.
0	almost all of them are sunni muslims.
0	we will challenge this in the courts.
0	it's not a trivial set of situations.
0	we have that cut from john mccain.
0	she wasn't too silent in the interim.
0	they weave mats you know table mats.
0	thanks for bringing this to the show.
0	jeremy i'm afraid we're out of time.
0	it's been shared more than 100,000 times.
0	i would not have run without them.
0	it could be jay inslee of washington.
0	well let's start with some poll data.
0	you don't   have to fear your money.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	here's an e-mail on the trivia question.
0	it's scary being real with another person.
0	he's a well-known radio personality in britain.
0	but the point is she's out there.
0	i didn't want to talk five hours.
0	it was actually a rare birth defect.
0	and then there's this one that's different.
0	there's a lack of transparency here completely.
0	well they are people who watch you.
0	so i am re-crafting my post-game talk.
0	you protect the species not the individual.
0	we all know and love the onion.
0	in other words we need more transparency.
0	not facial hair is not issue there.
0	sometimes she gives out a fake number.
0	all of this would've played out differently.
0	and despite ooh i'm getting choked up.
0	all her friends were in the city.
0	it's not really a struggle to me.
0	she was only about 20 years old.
0	she knew how old my son was.
0	it could involve a decision on war.
0	have you heard of her martha maxwell?
0	there was no point in telling her.
0	i was working construction at the time.
0	well i mean for me it is.
0	she needs our help said my mother.
0	here's deputy u.s. attorney general sally yates.
0	president bush said the same thing   today.
0	that's the former republican senator bob corker.
0	and then ultimately it began bother me.
0	my desire is to be a hero.
0	now a little more background on this.
0	i mean the show has great ratings.
0	you just walk into the fbi office?
0	i assume you got your seatbelt clicked.
0	friday we'll learn about may's unemployment numbers.
0	kettering right near my hometown of dayton.
0	thank you for coming on the show.
0	well it's rough i mean you know.
0	douglas jehl is the post's foreign editor.
0	i mean brazil's an exporter of oil.
0	we will find a role for everybody.
0	we regret that we ever supported you.
0	now to last night's republican presidential debate.
0	mainly she's just tired of the red-baiting.
0	more coming on that in a moment.
0	he was the activist guy from austin.
0	its reserves growing as discoveries increase there.
0	and the external tank's a great idea.
0	number two the vice   president same situation.
0	but first building a better lie detector.
0	the same thing goes for human intelligence.
0	you're coming to take us though right?
0	he called senator obama's win a tragedy.
0	so they really know what's going on.
0	i was scared of et the extraterrestrial.
0	i waited for him to do something.
0	your mother worked hard to make that.
0	england took his papers and in-processed him.
0	the former inmates don't have to stay.
0	and that's what it comes down to.
0	that sounds great for pollution-weary chinese citizens.
0	and it's a huge problem for us.
0	it was deeply deeply weird but awesome.
0	let's see if you can write something.
0	she doesn't sound like somebody who's leaving.
0	and he'd say well no you don't.
0	at atascadero it's gone up 36 percent.
0	i'm being hit by these rock fists.
0	some are just one or two rooms.
0	all i ever wanted was a shot.
0	they're gathered around a water hole right?
0	and i was very proud of that.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	it's all about the here and now.
0	any trends you notice in the senate?
0	i understand that he's scheduled to testify.
0	he's also primary caretaker   of his children.
0	mostly hunters bring them in for you?
0	and hi jay kirk and everybody else.
0	they don't get that close to them.
0	will congress do everything that it should?
0	so it was one of those things.
0	where can we meet up with you?
0	grandpa was from poland mom corrected me.
0	you know that's just how i feel.
0	thanks so much for catching us up.
0	but there's a lot to talk about.
0	i think that's when it really started.
0	i applaud this exercise of common sense.
0	it's not going to reduce gun violence.
0	he's gone a week without eating cheese.
0	marketplace just ahead on day to day.
0	people go someplace they fall in love.
0	we want to hear from principals today.
0	the correct arabic clip has been inserted.
0	tomorrow questions and answers on swine flu.
0	they lean one side or the other.
0	right now they're not competing with anyone.
0	and i mean those resources are finite.
0	he put elena in a double casket.
0	amnesty international has made a striking charge.
0	we haven't really seen the results yet.
0	it's really a long-term kind of effect.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	carol's tribe was kind of the elite.
0	all right y'all that is our show.
0	but they've backed conservatives in the past.
0	and our president is sitting there quietly.
0	well both of those are excellent questions.
0	get as far away as you can.
0	those are the distinctions that we make.
0	that's where the jobs where the jobs.
0	so again her age is in dispute.
0	so we're continuing to follow this case.
0	so if i could follow up too.
0	so that's my working hours as well.
0	other victims are still in the hospital.
0	because you you know you mythologize them.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	and so that's a felony in maryland.
0	like that was how bad it was.
0	i mean because that's what they do.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	you know there's no mcdonald's around there.
0	dan lifts franny and carries her out.
0	i've seen people wearing them as necklaces.
0	a reporter asked president trump this yesterday.
0	water and electricity shortages are being reported.
0	there's nowhere for the water to go.
0	but devos' plan also has vocal supporters.
0	i had to turn off the radio.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and this is great for the grandparents.
0	retail stores are very concerned about it.
0	the phrases have a separate cpt meaning.
0	charlayne hunter-gault is npr's special africa correspondent.
0	block says they all felt the pressure.
0	plus we'll remember tv pioneer aaron spelling.
0	and is it one section or several?
0	he's a methodist   minister in papillion nebraska.
0	this is the first in a series.
0	i think that's when they would prosecute.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	what exactly do scientists what to do?
0	she had to get back to work.
0	he never went out with allie again.
0	a lot of people misunderstand you know.
0	some find new faiths others choose atheism.
0	there was also blackwell don't forget blackwell.
0	yeah and that is a problem here.
0	mcgrady and casiano going nose to nose.
0	so do you want to check levels?
0	i don't have to do that anymore.
0	but right now i'm at the top.
0	andrea it's great to be with you.
0	hi are you doing anything on saturday?
0	i'm not saying that he didn't play.
0	kevin burns from memphis told us his.
0	david greene npr news the white house.
0	so i hope that it works out.
0	but you know you're not a slouch.
0	so we're well aware of the problem.
0	yeah which still lives very much today.
0	how about a speech at a funeral?
0	and i really do want to respond.
0	so thank you for making it possible.
0	the current federal budget is $4 trillion.
0	but last monday she left for bangkok.
0	i had to grow   up knowing that.
0	i have to say it's very sudden.
0	i'm interested in trying to get well.
0	also they know le pen very well.
0	evidence that omega-3 fatty acids may help.
0	they've already put it into their calculations.
0	you can put it on this side.
0	let's go to john in gadsden alabama.
0	and there's all these people surrounding him.
0	all these are no longer peaceful demonstrations.
0	resurrection is not in jewish tradition actually.
0	he claimed self-defense and was never charged.
0	i know where you're going with this.
0	it is very uncommon for jewish tradition.
0	and its something that has happened before.
0	president quickly dismissed this as political theater.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and then suddenly coming to a stop.
0	i said you on your way over?
0	tom bowman npr news helmand province afghanistan.
0	he hung together as a cohesive team.
0	that's really the thing worth fantasizing about.
0	can you tell me why is that?
0	like boeing general electric bechtel and caterpillar.
0	he never followed up to finish this.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but breaking up is hard to do.
0	that's hagan with shaw president irma mcclaurin.
0	jim jones called it a loyalty test.
0	okay let's go to ocho floor okay.
0	it would be the number one issue.
0	that was very very important to them.
0	i'll take my answer off the air.
0	but their theory i believe is wrong.
0	it's not often you get a do-over.
0	please don't let them take it away.
0	terry with   us from williston south carolina.
0	so your head is resting on this.
0	it came into focus again in 2007.
0	i have two children who are adhd.
0	will i keep the plan i have?
0	this year piculas posted it on facebook.
0	we can't see them but they're there.
0	we're going to disrupt that old model.
0	let me just pause on this page.
0	a newspaper could run editorials every day.
0	but something in that communication broke down.
0	even though you were a classical musician.
0	the union has been my entire life.
0	who decides the courts or the voters?
0	ari shapiro npr news the white house.
0	some parts of jackson lost water altogether.
0	you know   that's new orleans for you.
0	but so are the halls of ceos.
0	you make it come true at least.
0	and they heard a couple of songs.
0	what do you hope your story does?
0	npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	he realized wait those are our guys.
0	i've got to go to more movies.
0	transposed numbers slightly altered names mistaken entries.
0	well congress is really raising money constantly.
0	okay thirty-five hundred people in unison boo.
0	and the window's closing for the 1%-ers.
0	so are those two things in conflict?
0	that's interesting because that's a long event.
0	who cares if who wrote the joke?
0	how can this still be going on?
0	anna thanks very much for the call.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	bring us up to date on that.
0	they're just not coming from tennessee farms.
0	he now teaches diplomacy at harvard university.
0	and they're talking about this ubi event.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	did it reinforce or disrupt puritan values?
0	our conversations are not always this deep.
0	and i'm like what are you doing?
0	ian lee and elisabeth rosenthal thank you.
0	well i'd like to answer the question.
0	but the facebook algorithm had buried it.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	they're trying to get everything in place.
0	so i would constantly be running around.
0	the radio traffic continues and williamson sighs.
0	the incident that changed my life forever.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	now you are also a syndicated cartoonist.
0	we don't have a national security adviser.
0	so you know little things like that.
0	but still turning a profit isn't easy.
0	well there's a deep divide on this.
0	and we've had this parade for years.
0	but it does top out much higher.
0	and she's been smell training ever since.
0	but does anybody actually own a joke?
0	castro wants to get rid of that.
0	sure absolutely especially after the achaemenid empire.
0	i was in chicago doing some stuff.
0	scott horsley npr news charlotte north carolina.
0	and nearly 10 million americans remain unemployed.
0	it was an opportunity that was missed.
0	and now china seems to be trying.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	like here's what you need to do.
0	the units have to cancel as well.
0	and do you think that it is?
0	it is like such a horrible book.
0	and then it's basically a war zone.
0	well what did you play her adam?
0	so that's also a change of pace.
0	that amnesty blotted out old corruption charges.
0	the lawyers' movement was jubilant last night.
0	she says it's been a long week.
0	and i've been recording them all day.
0	those are some pretty strong reactions marilyn.
0	you know he'd say bill or andy.
0	and today we focus on homeless veterans.
0	it's a very slow very incremental process.
0	that's all things considered from npr news.
0	dostoyevsky was marched to prison in siberia.
0	kqed reporter april dembosky in san francisco.
0	and have you been back to mississippi?
0	i think that's a part of it.
0	i'm not real sure why that happens.
0	i have no desire to do that.
0	you know that's what michael jackson does.
0	you   know things are not going right.
0	at times though shereese's fatigue is overwhelming.
0	he teaches a seminar on baseball literature.
0	what did you notice in the process?
0	he said he couldn't watch the video.
0	it's a bit of a convoluted quote.
0	jonathan martin good to talk to you.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i mean it's such a bogus argument.
0	always kicking the can down the road.
0	i take a low dosage of zoloft.
0	and i wrote bob on the cup.
0	but beyond that the details were sparse.
0	that wasn't always the case with jack.
0	are you are you planning to vote?
0	how did it feel doing that one?
0	first comes a process known as geocoding.
0	carrie thanks for your insights as always.
0	but otherwise books were just for people.
0	billie holiday is not one of them.
0	first they're inflicting pain on big depositors.
0	she was a housewife and nothing else.
0	they rushed their baby to the hospital.
0	he once applied to be an astronaut.
0	bobby allyn of member station whyy reports.
0	malone has it down to a science.
0	well we have our puzzle to play.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	i don't know why he molested me.
0	that's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	what was it like in the courtroom?
0	the text was just 39 words long.
0	i mean he was a shia leader.
0	he made a good effort to try.
0	yeah well what it is is this.
0	like the keys don't work or something.
0	i pulled stace bradshaw the doctor aside.
0	hey football fans snap out of it.
0	but there was nothing to be done.
0	jonathan i've got great advice for you.
0	good to have you with us joel.
0	astronauts are still consuming tang in space.
0	well but also let me be clear.
0	and they voted and look what's happened.
0	but then they always blame america first.
0	yeah i kind of vaguely remember that.
0	we suspected that tyrannical power is weak.
0	hi neal it's great to be here.
0	so i don't see them withering away.
0	they also introduced some new kindle e-readers.
0	so speaking of entertainment what about music?
0	i'm going through a divorce right now.
0	it's just too much of a burden.
0	so you know we'll see what happens.
0	no but we were told they did.
0	brad thanks very much for the call.
0	if you want anybody to read it.
0	yeah there's arrest warrants out for us.
0	soraya nadia mcdonald of the washington post.
0	and these people are doctors teachers professors.
0	it was a horrible horrible day yesterday.
0	and they are receiving this news joyfully.
0	so you have to make those contacts.
0	in some sense it's just the timing.
0	i am in a town called kilis.
0	marty with us from des moines iowa.
0	and click on talk of the nation.
0	that is up from the 25% capacity.
0	of course he was born in texas.
0	no. i would agree with the caller.
0	but does physical abuse fall into that?
0	it happens a lot everywhere i go.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i'm really glad you asked this question.
0	but this test is a little different.
0	there's a philosophical values-based question here right?
0	a beeped version is at our website.
0	he had absolutely no reaction at all.
0	the meeting starts with lunch potato soup.
0	and tell us a little about elizabeth.
0	and the audience gave him their response.
0	there were these two civilian men there.
0	the usda has no power over farms.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i want to ask you something actually.
0	so i climbed up on the scaffolding.
0	ari shapiro npr news the white house.
0	well jim jones came out of indiana.
0	and i guess the answer is yes.
0	alex thanks so much for joining us.
0	certainly we are part of the solution.
0	an historic victory for gay rights today.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	by god's grace christmas will be fine?
0	i wasn't expected to be called back.
0	reload r-e-l-o-a-d plus p as in peter.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	b is the beginning of the story.
0	nolan walker with us today from philadelphia.
0	so we make our homes look good.
0	and then vonnegut demonstrates how this works.
0	heavy rains then washed off the topsoil.
0	elaine's calling us from vacaville in california.
0	he said maybe we should call diane.
0	that's npr white house correspondent scott horsley.
0	he was a calm and cool kid.
0	everybody we all got in a circle.
0	i was defeated and i admit that.
0	bill thanks very much for the call.
0	there's much more awareness now in copenhagen.
0	and it's also healthier the wild fish.
0	well there was no tape measure neal.
0	so i can tell you what happened.
0	yun came from western china to study.
0	she joined us here in studio 3a.
0	what did the court have to say?
0	we just got we just broke through.
0	and it really affects your whole body.
0	i think it's closer to a sixth.
0	i think those approaches have been negative.
0	so they somewhat held him at bay?
0	and this is part of something larger.
0	i think we've got better engineering now.
0	well i would think that it would.
0	the president's clearly bothered by trade deficits.
0	i was motor transport back in okinawa.
0	that turned out to be wildly mistaken.
0	mr. sly very nice talking to you.
0	first of all they've always been free.
0	there a number of views you know.
0	it's a bit of an angry invitation.
0	and have a great time in vegas.
0	he's dead at the age of 82.
0	the story was produced by john mcdonough.
0	this is look politics is a business.
0	well we put a limit on it.
0	that does seem to be the situation.
0	great to talk to you too michele.
0	but president trump has been very vocal.
0	we don't need all of those headquarters.
0	they should get it off their books.
0	thank you so much for being here.
0	kathy melious teaches the aviation fundamentals class.
0	almost half the girls had gotten pregnant.
0	like i really just had a breakdown.
0	and now it's like i understand it.
0	your op-ed is titled a necessary war.
0	mahmoud thanks very much for the call.
0	and for a few months it worked.
0	saygi thanks very much for the call.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and they became very suspicious of me.
0	the record comes out later this month.
0	no more funny stuff no more photography.
0	and also on that performance with india.
0	and that means a lot to me.
0	let's call these   sleazebags what they are.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so james tell us what's happening there.
0	so there are really two approaches here.
0	he joins us by phone from cleveland.
0	you can't keep putting off these problems.
0	what are republicans trying to do instead?
0	the general has just been called away.
0	and we're creating now an after-school program.
0	normandy and brittany had very terrible bombing.
0	did you ever have doubts in there?
0	is that political opportunism or political reality?
0	we have a downtown that is improving.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	she praises jindal as bright capable energetic.
0	this is a significant time for louisiana.
0	and i don't mean to be disparaging.
0	he felt no slavish love for her.
0	and there would be conversations about it.
0	it was just a very democratic year.
0	the new school wouldn't let him in.
0	relatives have mostly abused or ignored him.
0	as a driver you hear that engine.
0	you know why should that sound heartless?
0	we've built our business over the years.
0	it's quite terrifying but very liberating too.
0	are we facing things like mortgage redlining?
0	so i think it's a good start.
0	most of it's going to come down.
0	but i've certainly been reading about that.
0	pelosi says iraqi forces should take over.
0	they're chinese or they're brazilian or israeli.
0	ken rudin is with us as always.
0	she was shy of her third birthday.
0	it's this american life i'm ira glass.
0	and i said no it's too early.
0	so you must be prepared for that.
0	that certainly is good news isn't it?
0	what's happening at the municipal level now?
0	well there's no question it's already happening.
0	but do you think it's a possibility?
0	you can't bring guns in the house.
0	will she allow drugs in the house?
0	we're still waiting to hear from medicaid.
0	i mean i had effectively lost everything.
0	he wants the judge's help finding them.
0	and then shots came out of nowhere.
0	tomorrow the rise of the alpha wife.
0	they'd steal looks over the dinner table.
0	this will be her second world cup.
0	and yeah he did say stunt cape.
0	they didn't need abramoff on the stand.
0	these are the like little political fiefdoms.
0	sabir needed about $10,000 to get married.
0	so there's nothing inevitable about bad jobs.
0	oh she's absolutely alive very much so.
0	howard markel we have an abbreviated version.
0	have they changed at all over time?
0	i'm very grateful for you being here.
0	you said that you were raising twins.
0	and i saw my group and stuff.
0	so context greg lastowka is the key?
0	my dad was totally against the idea.
0	and i want to go to baghdad.
0	so   it'severybody's known about this for years.
0	is the u.s. government aware of it?
0	both pam and brian have college degrees.
0	well they were composites of kids yeah.
0	i may be in the wrong room.
0	it has a world-class computer science program.
0	they claim she grew more distant secretive.
0	his extended family is still in baghdad.
0	he always ended with i love you.
0	well mario we can leave it there.
0	don't show that you're with the resistance.
0	do you want to go to college?
0	and jonathan pulls me and i fell.
0	do you have time to have fun?
0	and he was a community college instructor.
0	david with us from birmingham in alabama.
0	they were just   sent back into combat.
0	thank you for taking my phone call.
0	an outraged indignation from governor palin's aides.
0	this is one of his big concerns.
0	things weren't perfect there i should say.
0	i'm going to blow this bitch away.
0	maybe i'm going to die as well.
0	thank you for explaining it to us.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	there're so many prisoners maintaining their innocence.
0	he'll fight this war stateside for now.
0	they were facing a 26 percent cut.
0	you said there used to be more.
0	not that i didn't like you before.
0	and certainly compassion isn't even quite forgiveness.
0	wale is with us from kansas city.
0	it looks about oh 40 percent cover.
0	why don't you tell us about him.
0	what you got for us this week?
0	no no. all these cuts are immaterial.
0	we are very careful about the taxes.
0	and that question remains on the table.
0	parents where do you draw the line?
0	claire thanks very much for the call.
0	it was a revolution in animal behavior.
0	she wrote and wrote day after day.
0	my stomach shuttered up into my throat.
0	they're more thinking about what about me?
0	denzel washington pick up the thread there.
0	is this something you can contract twice?
0	oh the first couple years were horrifying.
0	for some people that's really a positive.
0	i am from kurram agency turi tribe.
0	so being lady we can approach them.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i like cotton candy cherry flavors vanilla.
0	well elise those would be in iran.
0	steve thanks so much for the call.
0	this is a good two-person puzzle today.
0	yeah that sounds like a good idea.
0	you can't put your finger on it.
0	how soon do you think you will?
0	celine thanks very much for the call.
0	but this was a whole new ballgame.
0	a quid pro quo tit for tat.
0	nuance communications is a voice recognition company.
0	in the grand scheme of things yes.
0	why were they back in court today?
0	it just doesn't speak in normal english.
0	what are the chances of that happening?
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	but yeah we do see the anger.
0	and it was you're doing the story.
0	the tools are sufficient when properly used.
0	well three cases of this was $1100.
0	you know i wanted to ask you.
0	the feedback doesn't take place at all.
0	and i said i had a nightmare.
0	and he again was scorned for this.
0	bentz and conger have already left brazil.
0	and we could not pick them up.
0	i can talk to her she's accessible.
0	and he is totally out of breath.
0	indeed mccain does not labor the point.
0	did you see any sign of that?
0	i thought that was not offending anyone.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	his two daughters skipped school to attend.
0	and that's clearly not going to happen.
0	this year he expects 50,000 tons less.
0	let's focus on that for a moment.
0	so i think that's part of it.
0	so i came along even after that.
0	and what does the canadian government say?
0	is this something whose time has come?
0	and that's one of the great unknowns.
0	only there's a problem with romney's story.
0	and i know you're also   busy today.
0	wouldn't that really change the national campaign?
0	and then we ran out of time.
0	we have two other tar sands pipelines.
0	this is a donald trump populist win.
0	remember these offenders came from these counties.
0	we have a bathroom down the hall.
0	that was npr's deborah amos in beirut.
0	and that's if you do nothing right?
0	reporters can have the chance to ask.
0	what a fabulous goal lighting up wembley.
0	i don't agree with that at all.
0	i mean it's their life you know.
0	i can see the montage right now.
0	when it wasn't time it wasn't time.
0	i mean i thought it was fun.
0	i don't need two vials of urine.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	i'm a vice president at northmark capital.
0	so they elected to do just that.
0	it is called the dave hill explosion.
0	my forearm hooks to protect my eyes.
0	so what does martial law consist of?
0	and this is just rows and rows.
0	this being said he's not a dummy.
0	look what happened in connecticut this year.
0	they did not reach out towards helpers.
0	so writes emily mazer of tucson arizona.
0	and seats aboard the vern are upholstered.
0	perhaps strikingly we found exactly the opposite.
0	you just try and get more fares.
0	the president has dug in on iraq.
0	story is called a sense of place.
0	good to talk with you once again.
0	a groove a space for an award.
0	occasionally he faced controversy over his views.
0	we're walking up onto the grass now.
0	they talk about lowering prescription drug prices.
0	ivan thanks very much for the call.
0	both are saying we don't have him.
0	most leave school because they get pregnant.
0	figured 25 bucks apiece that's another 50.
0	well the short story is i failed.
0	and alan let's begin with rafael palmeiro.
0	seeger went out on his own again.
0	rachel hubbard from member station kosu reports.
0	and right now it's working towards that.
0	that was the first thing e.j. said.
0	it just made you a little skeptical.
0	zoe thanks for walking up through this.
0	at least that's what we were told.
0	i'm guy raz in for andrea seabrook.
0	and unexpectedly she discovered this new solution.
0	so who was this suspect mohammed al-qahtani?
0	in this case he was part of.
0	so they're waiting for things to crest.
0	norm with us from whitehall in michigan.
0	i've been in touch with his wife.
0	it was just too arduous a process.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	how do you put that into numbers?
0	dick malone is ceo of chicago's ymca.
0	ryan thank you very much for this.
0	a little bit a half month later.
0	she was able to get her records.
0	she was eventually diagnosed with valley fever.
0	that's not who i wanted to be.
0	glad   to answer any of your questions.
0	that's why we got this self-timing egg.
0	you're not sitting in that chair anymore.
0	they know what normal development looks like.
0	amassed right over up the street basically?
0	clevins' mother had a serious stomach illness.
0	and teri schultz in brussels has more.
0	i think it's an unbelievably bad step.
0	michael nutter is the mayor of philadelphia.
0	stephanie miley was randy's boss in iraq.
0	they thought it was a ransom issue.
0	if i'm mispronouncing that let me know.
0	we have enough scandals to worry about.
0	oh no. no. no. the smallest part.
0	they don't have the resources to evacuate.
0	but it's not how long you live.
0	then the predators amped up the pressure.
0	take us to the origins of this.
0	it's originally it was extracted by mining.
0	but fighting broke out on september 4th.
0	but you know maybe i'll be wrong.
0	despite all the pain all the suffering?
0	suddenly on everyone's lips: the bad bank.
0	he had been told what had happened.
0	so republicans are suspicious about last-minute charges.
0	we met as i said several times.
0	i found it hard to stand close.
0	walls were torn apart in many circumstances.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	john mcchesney npr news little rock arkansas.
0	so what did you do all day?
0	but he testified to   congress in march.
0	great to have you with us laura.
0	we went through in like 10 minutes.
0	i couldn't get out of my house.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	his mother had been shot three times.
0	now will back to that creative challenge.
0	and then we carried on our dialogue.
0	curt weldon is now one of them.
0	there are no jobs in your neighborhood.
0	what would be the effect of that?
0	i mean what's the worst-case scenario here?
0	maybe a skateboard   tour of the guggenheim?
0	i'm taking one of your large fries.
0	he's president trump's former national security adviser.
0	why should they give it to you?
0	what is it that you're concerned about?
0	and anthem demonstrated no institution is sacred.
0	some tribal members wear it every day.
0	i didn't come here to make friends.
0	now and then it measures the reflections.
0	i'm referring to the world of television.
0	but his blood pressure was really low.
0	it was a middle-aged obese diabetic man.
0	but you do not find that clever?
0	she's dressed a lot of pageant contestants.
0	what do you feel about your time?
0	things are going to change around here.
0	suddenly i see panic on his face.
0	i wouldn't have been in that situation.
0	and this is where rachel is different.
0	so it's spread all over the place.
0	didi and i occupy an alternate universe.
0	their orchestras seem to go off beat.
0	i can talk to him about it.
0	let's make people move and feel good.
0	so here's mitt in the pep club.
0	i'm in one of them right now.
0	i obviously hope the court says yes.
0	well actually these guys have been fast-tracked.
0	let's got to paul in monterrey california.
0	congress renewed the law late last year.
0	they have to go to their arraignment.
0	the supreme court is hearing this case.
0	that's financial times political editor george parker.
0	they're not out of the woods yet.
0	so yeah pancakes are in my blood.
0	i think that's also on two levels.
0	stay tuned for password with allen ludden.
0	alex is going to kick things off.
0	rita thanks very much for the call.
0	are they going to win the nomination?
0	i'm neal conan back after the break.
0	would you have loaned you the money?
0	thank you very much for coming in.
0	now we move to act six screams.
0	i'm don gonyea in for scott simon.
0	there's absolutely nothing wrong with your costume.
0	they're talking about furloughs under the sequestration.
0	you say it could be a woman.
0	i ain't getting into that right now.
0	so i run a startup called widetronix.
0	he says they need training and equipment.
0	taliban fighters will often infiltrate these camps.
0	how was the community going to respond?
0	did everyone go to sleep on this?
0	the afghan troops are not as concerned.
0	mr. davies is the general manager here.
0	nick experimented with different ways to learn.
0	if you would proceed through the doorway.
0	but in iowa it's very very close.
0	maybe we could kind of be buddies?
0	i think everybody looked good on radio.
0	four years ago it was very interesting.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	and then he started talking about her.
0	this is my first radio interview ever.
0	alex took things into his own hands.
0	amy's estrangement went undiagnosed for some time.
0	if you'd like to join us: 800-989-825.
0	but he's proud of what's been done.
0	and who is this person roger moore?
0	it's spelled out in black and white.
0	audrey welcome to talk of the nation.
0	now i'm already can't even get this.
0	let's talk about republicans for a second.
0	well that may not be new news.
0	markos moulitsas thanks for talking with us.
0	ahmadinejad called the elections free and fair.
0	npr's philip reeves reports from new delhi.
0	well maybe that's just a good friendship.
0	so this makes it a tougher call.
0	so i gave him condoms and everything.
0	amanda brand lives now in greenwich village.
0	but no that's really nice to hear.
0	let's go to phil in fort lauderdale.
0	we post a new episode sunday night.
0	that's npr white house correspondent ayesha rascoe.
0	we know what the man wears jogging.
0	no i did not become a comedian.
0	their plane first flew 110 years ago.
0	steven welcome to talk of the nation.
0	they had him up on wire taps.
0	but kanye really was very much involved.
0	now with elasticized legs said the box.
0	and let's rewind a little bit here.
0	people with higher waist-hip ratios died faster.
0	the broader labor market plays a role.
0	what do we run better without shoes?
0	i'm picking a real defensive battle here.
0	the car was laden with concrete blocks.
0	they start gang-banging whenever a hot day.
0	and your camp is only for girls.
0	so kevin let me start with you.
0	and as usual my bladder was bursting.
0	my son dj plays with john's kids.
0	and they're like what do you mean?
0	it's tough to find on health care.
0	but the press loves saying ann coulter.
0	and happy new year to you too.
0	minette is really very frightened very insecure.
0	let's go next to this is mary.
0	and how did they define absolute necessity?
0	what're they opening up on the dog?
0	i mean they will not shut up.
0	how much of a challenge is that?
0	now convince people like you and me.
0	you know why would you do this?
0	he's in a very different place now.
0	and i you know they're not shy.
0	do have any time to talk or.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and it's 18 minutes past the hour.
0	what will it all cost the homeowners?
0	what's more it hadn't even been close.
0	i'll be happy to know about it.
0	today jim's family farm is 30,000 acres.
0	it's going to be how many months?
0	well so did you get good seats?
0	let's hear from mike in benicia california.
0	our tour starts with a small greenhouse.
0	no they actually hate effective socialists too.
0	dale thanks so much for the call.
0	it's certainly important but it's not everything.
0	how many trees are on our planet?
0	notably the white house supports this amendment.
0	here's natasha who wrote the survey questions.
0	it scares the crap out of them.
0	a garage is a place of possibilities.
0	christine zavesky is here from san francisco.
0	i have no comment on that steve.
0	now can you get the perfect outcome?
0	it would put them in a deficit.
0	jeff jarvis thank you for your time.
0	really a very different style of organization.
0	and i don't understand why they can't.
0	now jurors must decide one final question.
0	i'm in the thrall of that voice.
0	it's a company that makes air conditioning.
0	yeah i no problem in spouting them.
0	david schaper robin is certainly not alone.
0	well i don't like them either then.
0	each key leads to the next key.
0	but that's what i have to say.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	our species one day will become extinct.
0	you could wipe out your net worth.
0	instead of changing habits they're changing paying.
0	are you able to you know participate?
0	so you get multiple games per day.
0	yes i'm going to speak at harvard.
0	we're a lot further down that line.
0	lee siegel what about the word extreme?
0	and wham-o incorporated was off and running.
0	and they simply didn't want the competition.
0	drew thanks very much for the call.
0	dame stephanie shirley is our sunday conversation.
0	but he thinks it'd be worth it.
0	all of these negotiations were top secret.
0	but there are different kinds of hikes.
0	what's your take on the whole situation.
0	and i said how are you doing?
0	casual head straight for the ceo's office.
0	the shame and the glory of america.
0	upstart skybus airlines goodbye and aloha sayonara.
0	not going to do single-payer canadian-style plan.
0	the dirt is not what gets me.
0	there may be some argument about that.
0	and they had punched the wall together.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	but for my experience i was comfortable.
0	they were both happy as could be.
0	here's an email we have from travis.
0	you know i haven't have the time.
0	ben bernanke and janet yellen have not.
0	if liberals won't enforce borders fascists will.
0	he's a science writer in alexandria virginia.
0	beiping village is setting up a cooperative.
0	my divorce was final on my birthday.
0	i'm just using him as an example.
0	like explain what you mean by that.
0	they need to go back into history.
0	why did you write to mayor koch?
0	he loads it in and hits play.
0	i came from rural west virginia myself.
0	just say that everyone's an enemy combatant.
0	michael is calling us from detroit michigan.
0	so it's a great way to recycle.
0	once we're through a man approaches anthony.
0	oh you probably want to ask first.
0	we're supreme soul rep-ing the bay area.
0	and i'm very sad that it's off.
0	liz reid from member station wesa reports.
0	i loved it when i lived there.
0	what should we make of the close?
0	tom thanks very much for the call.
0	what's the problem with becoming majority minority?
0	how can you give him that much?
0	and from there it didn't take long.
0	she is convinced someone will kill her.
0	so when does maliki's term actually expire?
0	nice to speak with you again david.
0	not on daytime talk radio thank you.
0	it does sound like brendan fraser singing.
0	brian what do we know about injuries?
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	daniel estrin has that story from jerusalem.
0	this is a for-sale-by-owner going into foreclosure.
0	uri nathan isn't a religiously observant jew.
0	trisha did not know what to do.
0	and i said dear mr. chris hogan.
0	ah no. i knew better than that.
0	the blob beneath the spot that's great.
0	and there was good reason for that.
0	it was up there a couple days.
0	and yet we just rocked her world.
0	you got something to do about that?
0	you didn't even say anything to her?
0	clara looks up at the angry man.
0	and the videotape has some damning evidence.
0	all right so what is amazon saying?
0	i am in the old harbor area.
0	congress though isn't waiting to wade in.
0	we just changed the locks this morning.
0	it was up there a couple days.
0	and it's time again for your comments.
0	les scramstead would have handled things differently.
0	i had to tom she's my cousin.
0	and there are great steps being taken.
0	and greg jaffe major rethinks after vietnam.
0	i think we did in new haven.
0	but none of that mattered last night.
0	npr's rob schmitz for us this morning.
0	please write to us by visiting npr.
0	because i personally never known any relationship.
0	we get the place all cleaned up.
0	he's like i've never seen this before.
0	it's a little bit of an exaggeration.
0	i'm not saying that in the least.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	let me give you a for instance.
0	and he's not a very impressive guy.
0	well philip seymour hoffman thanks very much.
0	is this also prince or he's gone.
0	we were having squid and i realized?
0	he has five years to address them.
0	we all start out going too heavy.
0	is there a bear behind that rock?
0	and late one night denise couldn't sleep.
0	my hunch is a couple of things.
0	they'd had elleia for almost six months.
0	hi you're on talk of the nation.
0	the party kicked him out last month.
0	so what do brits think about that?
0	but all these changes haven't come cheap.
0	let's talk about the movie gridiron gang.
0	levine says the company can't afford it.
0	unfortunately that soldier is invisible to me.
0	and it all began at 8 p.m.
0	this is called an international peacekeeping force.
0	and that is really the kerry problem.
0	and he joins me in the studio.
0	now i'm going to spread the word.
0	his birthday was in fact march 16th.
0	i   think that's probably a reality already.
0	the administration has failed to redefine expectations.
0	his ancestors homesteaded here four generations ago.
0	it's called translucent databases by peter wayner.
0	well for many tomorrow may be here.
0	i was simply a car stereo installer.
0	now this wouldn't affect immediate succession right?
0	quite honestly the federal government went awol.
0	what's going to happen to him next?
0	i just can't stop loving the caps.
0	we're against united russia the kid's saying.
0	or if he's now kind of fancy.
0	he couldn't believe how easy it was.
0	okay it's kind of convoluted as always.
0	and what was in that 110 stories?
0	i'm never going to get that back.
0	you know which blog do i read.
0	and i don't have my money yet.
0	it will if they all go through.
0	he then steps on the court papers.
0	now you do it for other people.
0	and so the whole building comes together.
0	that was the beginning of   the end.
0	did it create chaos in the schools?
0	here's more from my co-host steve inskeep.
0	i mean were you serious about that?
0	this merger would be a big deal.
0	guilty on all counts including international piracy.
0	hello veronica do you have the answer?
0	just yeah it's got to be cake.
0	so we basically pump it with pump.
0	so this is what you want stephen?
0	you can only vote tim pawlenty once.
0	homer has the same job same house.
0	but that's inevitable with any state law.
0	even the cheapest gas is too expensive.
0	john harwood is cnbc's chief washington correspondent.
0	let me we've run out of time.
0	nobody questioned that decision at the time.
0	of course the dna revolution cemented that.
0	well i think it's more than that.
0	but he says it's all worth it.
0	and that could make all the difference.
0	my mother sings while she's folding clothes.
0	it would be an act of war.
0	jocee thanks very much for the call.
0	but i mean yeah i was unclear.
0	this guy will throw me a line.
0	well i take the person's meaning neal.
0	oh there's a long list of qualifications.
0	i appreciate the opportunity to make it.
0	what are you seeing and hearing now?
0	you guys ever had one of these?
0	but it did rise from its knees.
0	tell me if you agree with it.
0	and you know we've become incredibly close.
0	decades after vietnam the country is different.
0	this is the   way to do it.
0	he got pretty rough reviews from there.
0	these are people with proven track records.
0	do your rules take that into account?
0	so here's the way it usually works.
0	is it wrong of us ok ok.
0	you've got some very superficial knowledge here.
0	authorities put the death toll at 23.
0	but i was terrified the whole time.
0	and then she has heard   western music.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	there's so many stories in the world.
0	the french have a very different view.
0	so you take more than you're allowed.
0	it has been good talking to you.
0	maybe that's what they had in mind.
0	he probably didn't mean to kill her.
0	drew greenblatt's company is on a roll.
0	you're speaking as clairvoyant voice of america.
0	maybe we'll do a live politics show.
0	those are reserved to the individual states.
0	but you hear a difference don't you?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	beth thanks very much for the call.
0	and let's get jerry on the line.
0	they have certainly staid some executions subsequently.
0	i'm a sentimental sap but i won.
0	that's a philosophy of the end times.
0	and i'll tell you where it is.
0	why are there no watchdogs on it?
0	so i had something else to do.
0	so she did not get slated again.
0	it is and i think it's funny.
0	the protests from pakistan are getting louder.
0	crowley spoke with guy earlier this week.
0	and she wanted to see justice done.
0	let me go back a little bit.
0	now you call yourself a recovering politician.
0	that dr. a. would against the hospital.
0	well now there's 10,000 stories on that.
0	the crew supplied food and fresh water.
0	and so you can have positive videos.
0	it's kind of like there's this anger.
0	so richard you get details online basically.
0	this was just what my mother needed.
0	you're smiling as you listen to this.
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	i think people have been to church.
0	let's take another call if we can.
0	i mean hogan's heroes for god sake.
0	when are these hearings going to begin?
0	no place is called officially called siberia.
0	i've grown weary with his apparent inflexibility.
0	ice cores help identify la nina years.
0	moral concerns about what they were doing.
0	here's one teacher testifying before the board.
0	it's up to us to get involved.
0	chicago is going through some changes lately.
0	thank you very much for coming in.
0	in fact in some ways it's extraordinary.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	brok is no longer friends with orban.
0	her role was really empowering the women.
0	this is veronica from baton rouge louisiana.
0	that's judith yasi a former cia analyst.
0	fitzmaurice never forgot what mansfield had done.
0	but first as always a trivia question.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i'm going to get this done humanely.
0	it's very hard to cut in government.
0	but he understood her role marijane's role.
0	he's like i'll double up on tattoos.
0	this is not just afghanistan's problem anymore.
0	it's smuggled out through pakistan and iran.
0	some snow a little extra for them.
0	she reported it to nike in 2018.
0	trains don't have any females at all.
0	but its beginnings were much more uncertain.
0	that's npr's anthony kuhn in jinan china.
0	in a way yes i can understand.
0	we have organized these mobile hospitals almost.
0	mr. edwards thanks for being with us.
0	npr's jacob pinter takes a look back.
0	eventually stephen got ali on the phone.
0	how likely do you think that is?
0	this is not exactly a new idea.
0	you say you deleted the facebook app.
0	it was republican senator tom cotton's idea.
0	a registered independent bloomberg blamed party politics.
0	you've worked at vaccination sites in la.
0	my definition is passion turned into action.
0	he owns the hole-in-the-wall diner in town.
0	oh that's usually followed by a but.
0	you know i speak to my family.
0	and that's precisely the point you make.
0	and it happened with sister rosemary brennan.
0	so i'm just like all right touche.
0	it's certainly what they told president clinton.
0	how much do you know about this?
0	which should have been great news right?
0	enemy of the state with will smith.
0	and i go down into the subway.
0	all three thought akiyo toyoda started strong.
0	it was like a give and take.
0	manafort was facing trial on seven charges.
0	and then asked to start naming names.
0	and the song was in the script.
0	it could be more than just prostitutes.
0	and those things don't all actually dovetail.
0	i couldn't help but think it's over.
0	i'm in charge of about 15 people.
0	who is known as the gentleman pirate.
0	our book today is by akash kapur.
0	it's always wrong and it's always late.
0	i can't just walk out on him.
0	oh it's actually a very complex puzzle.
0	at some point it loses its magic.
0	somebody else told him to do it?
0	well thanks very much and congratulations jonathan.
0	preston calling us from tallahassee in   florida.
0	well there's different intent and different technique.
0	there's a ping like every five seconds.
0	as always he's pretty calm and collected.
0	the order would also boost border security.
0	sergeant bill wasn't a sergeant at all.
0	i think you should take it in.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and thank you for having me today.
0	brain cells are a bit like orchids.
0	ofeibea quist-arcton npr news dadaab northern kenya.
0	risa is norway's only contestant this year.
0	i got a sense that we've won.
0	i mean he was down to earth.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i was actually there recently in january.
0	stand up is from army of me.
0	but it didn't work out so well.
0	i do think it's a changing map.
0	i'm interested in moving new yorkers around.
0	yeah he grew up in meriden conn.
0	and you blend that at high speed.
0	anne and vicki didn't take the offer.
0	and economically at least it's making progress.
0	ira i can certainly speak to that.
0	you know they'll fight over those cars.
0	here's an e-mail we got from josh.
0	i've looked through my magical eye piece.
0	so you don't need the crystal ball.
0	gregg gillis thanks for talking with us.
0	i'm not just talking about the politics.
0	michael thanks so much for joining us.
0	right not just to the last minute.
0	you know it will be over with.
0	well you know it's a combination tony.
0	you must read a lot of them.
0	we have to take a short break.
0	but what she did that's a story.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	get ready to tweak up the   radio.
0	i'm rich now because prices went up.
0	i don't know anything about   salt mines.
0	i've seen it work in extreme cases.
0	you have to register with a gp.
0	that's sort of not on the agenda.
0	but again we might be over-interpreting here.
0	president   bush talks to the group tomorrow.
0	d. and keeps up with pop culture.
0	ron money obviously a huge issue here.
0	what business is it of yours though?
0	i still remember like it was yesterday.
0	russell moore of the southern baptist convention.
0	i think it's a full-grown male   giraffe.
0	they are not appropriate for all people.
0	and her kids were teased at school.
0	mira nanlow of the houston shelter staff.
0	let me explain how it could work.
0	and here's what he had to say.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	and then this is our third film.
0	well the physiology ofthe h. pylori was.
0	maybe you are part of this society.
0	this from eric in american canyon california.
0	so their bosses have to know right?
0	and they said you're making things up.
0	it visits the winner's home every year.
0	so the camera is called the 20x24.
0	i was scared of raising a child.
0	there were he was a master patenter.
0	and so an eggplant is a fruit?
0	thank you very much all of you.
0	shall i take a shot at that?
0	that's like the tip of a key.
0	chris is with us from cleveland ohio.
0	i need something to straighten me up.
0	now he's bracing for the political backlash.
0	the bosses are doing it too sometimes.
0	they need the right equipment supplies ingredients.
0	and i'm probably most known for cooking.
0	he said that is what we want.
0	i'm sure it has with the public.
0	i don't find that term particularly useful.
0	you name it we have everything here.
0	and it starts with the iowa caucuses.
0	but joining up with isis is illegal.
0	you didn't even hesitate with that question.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	in camden new jersey at the aquarium.
0	and that's where the shooting took place.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	after one year 300,000 jobs are gone.
0	it doesn't it's just not real life.
0	i   brood about him during the day.
0	ryan said there was absolutely a coincidence.
0	marketplace's amy scott is with us now.
0	let's get some more stories in here.
0	because she freaked when i called her.
0	well you know i would say yes.
0	i was just looking for an excuse.
0	and joining us now is valerie corral.
0	and what other training requirements are there?
0	as we said is this person culpable?
0	that ban has been around since 2008.
0	i just have to remark on this.
0	but everyone knew where the power originated.
0	how much do you buy into that?
0	there's john bolton the national security adviser.
0	you're listening to atc from npr news.
0	you know how do you see it?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	oh actually pakistan's militarization is relatively subtle.
0	i said take the title candid camera.
0	anything else about its history we know?
0	yeah we've had a lot of luck.
0	yeah i think that's a good point.
0	and that is something that concerns me.
0	think about what courses through their veins.
0	it's called the institute for state effectiveness.
0	number one they said streamline this process.
0	it would blow up in their faces.
0	will benson is a local fishing guide.
0	i'll go home i guess and watch.
0	ok will what's up for next week?
0	parliament is against leaving with no deal.
0	you can turn them into a fix.
0	the raid goes off without a hitch.
0	thank you and it's been a pleasure.
0	it's time that we get it back.
0	i don't know i'm just playing around.
0	i mean that's the business you're in.
0	now what do you mean by that?
0	that's the problem it's a crazy law.
0	so 3.7 percent is actually pretty strong.
0	i think they've been extremely not helpful.
0	every color has tune of a piano.
0	this one's seven the other guy's 12.
0	judy clarke routinely faces an enraged public.
0	is there no more need to march?
0	on what basis do you argue that?
0	maurice we just have a few seconds.
0	but this time it's different way different.
0	is that going to happen this time?
0	let's move on to something else though.
0	we've only got a few moments left.
0	this is what i've been hoping for.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	there's 19 fire stations all around amsterdam.
0	nancy marshall-genzer joins us now from marketplace.
0	and i thought no one's seen that.
0	right now putin is very isolated internationally.
0	in fact he's of a different era.
0	i think these laws are very controversial.
0	and i'm renee montagne in new york.
0	so i think he's really   off base.
0	it could seem like a natural progression.
0	this is actually oyen's second electric car.
0	at the time that seemed incredible ambitious.
0	police often don't follow up on crimes.
0	but peggy mastroianni says companies should cautious.
0	but first the modern lives of nuns.
0	tom delay   is not on the scene.
0	and did you get your bike back?
0	their ends of mind are the same.
0	i grew up on the east coast.
0	like he was saying goodbye says dominga.
0	it's called tax increment financing or tif.
0	at the time he was just 14.
0	now you're just breaking the town up.
0	he's meeting with witnesses like jody bixby.
0	they're emerging from a fight against isis.
0	so you stole your stolen bike back?
0	let's go to toledo ohio and bob.
0	i am genuinely happy to be back.
0	welcome to talk of the nation melissa.
0	well i don't know about the mayor.
0	nobody is paying attention to the children.
0	got to go with the strawberry daiquiri.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	is that who you wish i was?
0	kilo sent out tweets of his recommendations.
0	what are you hearing about all that?
0	no he's the most loyal to gadhafi.
0	he finally got the acupuncture this week.
0	and i'll be here waiting for them.
0	that's what happened to david that day.
0	that's npr's national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	they knew they had a formaldehyde problem.
0	this was sort of a bad dream.
0	but only 38 percent of republicans did.
0	it can bring me to tears easily.
0	so there's just a handful right there.
0	the dad is a retired police officer.
0	i don't know how i survived that.
0	joe gave his traditional plush some pizzazz.
0	he's now directing marvel's next thor movie.
0	waititi believes that comes from his upbringing.
0	employers have got to be more careful.
0	sometimes i have maps of current systems.
0	somebody scott even less sophisticated than yourself.
0	data mining is   being used in telecommunications.
0	we've been trying each and every step.
0	most of our interviewees told us that.
0	there's no other music quite like it.
0	he's being treated for nightmares and flashbacks.
0	who could have imagined 40 years ago?
0	fifty-five-year-old maryam ahmed is from northeastern syria.
0	i actually do teach underneath the entertainment.
0	we've told them the system's backed up.
0	i think it's a very big deal.
0	i mean how is that even possible?
0	he doesn't see that happening anytime soon.
0	i mean it is all so recent.
0	it's probably a tank barrier as well.
0	it starts after the first world war.
0	that's just not the case with tomatoes.
0	he thought they had a handshake agreement.
0	and reese witherspoon in walk the line.
0	this is all i have to say.
0	but it would make insurance companies furious.
0	so he took it a step further.
0	scott calling from ann arbor in michigan.
0	you may not have studied them yet.
0	he cannot take any position at all.
0	well marcy might be your first subject.
0	act one the miseducation of castlemont high.
0	it's how we define ourselves as human.
0	and you know you do some soul-searching.
0	i'm so sorry for your loss gary.
0	it's not going to get that bad.
0	i was bored behind a desk though.
0	they don't want anything that's considered newsworthy.
0	senator orrin hatch a republican of utah.
0	from npr west it's all things considered.
0	my sister-in-law is currently serving in iraq.
0	they want to make a big push.
0	the real difference is the non-foreign-born population.
0	craig watkins was first elected in 2006.
0	she seemed like somebody you could be.
0	d.c. upper northwest still gets preferable treatment.
0	our tolerance for it is much lower.
0	this is actually a fairly wealthy group.
0	she visited me in the mental ward.
0	yes but it's been 100 days so.
0	i want the government to keep going.
0	there's sectarian violence almost every single day.
0	and they literally fence these things off.
0	i'm happy about that so it's cool.
0	he joins us today from the campus.
0	we'll be back after a short break.
0	dawn gioia is a busy stay-at-home mom.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	they have to run in swing districts.
0	we were both so excited about this.
0	i wouldn't put the blame on them.
0	they said god forbid another shooting happens.
0	casey schreiner he's the founder of modernhiker.
0	she wanted us to look into it.
0	mark krikorian what's wrong with enforcement theater?
0	so mayor manos has issued a warning.
0	tajah gross thanks for speaking with us.
0	studies show short kids get teased bullied.
0	they were out in front on this.
0	good to have you with us laurie.
0	that's literally what it says in spanish.
0	what a disaster that's going to be.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	tell us who's the winner this week.
0	her husband is ecstatic about the service.
0	here's an email we had from andres.
0	a grassroots group in toledo thinks so.
0	i'm like i'm going to wow her.
0	i went down and talked to them.
0	i would absolutely like to do that.
0	there's no way to confirm it yet.
0	this is the indicator from planet money.
0	the protesters had ruined the day again.
0	what do you make of that headline?
0	larry's calling us from cleveland in ohio.
0	i don't know how old you are.
0	it sends the wrong signal to them.
0	but it kept it kept us talking.
0	we'll see if developed countries can respond.
0	northwestern is a wonderful place to be.
0	but the train never reaches the destination.
0	it really is a very difficult job.
0	she was reluctant to tell her story.
0	well actually lots of people do run.
0	you know i don't believe in moaning.
0	for the student it's all about access.
0	william wilcoxen of minnesota public radio reports.
0	they're looking at me and they're whispering.
0	there's no question about any of that.
0	no no. i love working on memoirs.
0	but we were trying to get people.
0	and i had to couple them together.
0	butch morris has taken issue with that.
0	and the united states built this wall.
0	and let's get kris on the line.
0	where do you go next josh blue?
0	janelle jones is the chief labor economist.
0	what to do with the 229 prisoners?
0	no and i find it very sad.
0	and they said the answer was simple.
0	thanks very much for the call peter.
0	it also urged protesters to go home.
0	martin luther king had just been assassinated.
0	of course shutting down means different things.
0	last time it was in last february.
0	and it has a robust presence online.
0	in fact there's some really interesting point.
0	it quickly turned it into a mob.
0	oh man such a sad thing tony.
0	stephen's calling us from auburn in california.
0	cathy thanks very much for the call.
0	republicans closed out the year in discord.
0	let's say a company owns an asset.
0	the back-to-school shopping season has officially begun.
0	that is by far the biggest priority.
0	and they really stepped away from him.
0	or maybe it doesn't have any plans.
0	at least 2,000 people have been wounded.
0	and that was a very popular one.
0	another was an investment banker named chad.
0	and people come here they worship   moximon.
0	and that's a really interesting communal experience.
0	i'm here to do some good work.
0	you're too old to go out dancing.
0	it's all over the city of newark.
0	they want to take care of them.
0	we're not here to change the neighborhood.
0	that was a good change of subject.
0	have you run into problems with hecklers?
0	every comedian runs into problems with hecklers.
0	you'll hear more voices from here tomorrow.
0	and people definitely remembered their bishop interviews.
0	it's one of the books we missed.
0	and if so what did you learn?
0	she's from utah in her early 40s.
0	john hemming is a correspondent for reuters.
0	carolyn thanks very much for the call.
0	bogota colombia has a great brt system.
0	and it was quite a nice ride.
0	do they end up getting used then?
0	and he had to pull the bill.
0	it's good to have you with us.
0	wilson spent a year cleaning the stone.
0	well let's hope you're wrong about that.
0	she says you can't know for sure.
0	you know it could go either way.
0	but that wasn't a very satisfying answer.
0	there's people should definitely still get vaccinated.
0	she became homeless after her parents died.
0	there's no hurry to put on clothes.
0	well you know and here's the thing.
0	what makes this so important to you?
0	for decades there was no street lighting.
0	there's the think the black one there.
0	and i thought this is just fun.
0	this was a very goal-directed bulletin board.
0	and now to the npr cities project.
0	but they're up against some tough   odds.
0	well i will start on this one.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i might be left with that piano.
0	they're already crowded enough as it is.
0	yeah as though it were slipping away.
0	and thanks very much for the call.
0	he assumed that justice had been served.
0	but it's all it's all a farce.
0	i think to some degree he's grown.
0	wouldn't you say that's true dr. hayes?
0	later he told me what he'd heard.
0	is it all an act he asks.
0	he was once osama bin laden's driver.
0	well i'm not sure if it's working.
0	we need to deal with this immediately.
0	what has he been saying about iran?
0	very few people would even open them.
0	i'm a musician according to some definitions.
0	and richard florida what do you think?
0	schools could do that too high schools.
0	tara siler reports from member station kqed.
0	npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson has the story.
0	but don't go looking from breakthroughs there.
0	well actually that surprised me the most.
0	and now they're just seemingly provoking everybody.
0	we also know there are known unknowns.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	nearly two years went by like this.
0	and i hope you make your flight.
0	this had nothing to do with me.
0	last month the economy lost 533,000 jobs.
0	i'm so out of my league here.
0	do you have problems with voice mail?
0	no anne he's looking to arrest somebody.
0	the charge was misuse of official information.
0	yesterday the defense called its first witness.
0	but tagg's ophthalmologist wanted to use lucentis.
0	well you know i find this disturbing.
0	here's what he had to say yesterday.
0	things have changed in two years huh?
0	how do we start winning elections again?
0	mr. sutherland welcome back to the program.
0	you didn't think we forgot did you?
0	you had a speaking engagement i understand.
0	david thanks so much for joining us.
0	i was thrilled to hear the plan.
0	neal conan will be   back on monday.
0	let me just mention two banal thoughts.
0	i was saying don't forget don't forget.
0	brian thanks very much for the call.
0	and after they said bye they left.
0	that makes many free trade republicans nervous.
0	you know it's everybody gets a trophy.
0	i don't know what you're talking about.
0	and here's some tape of what   happened.
0	you've been in washington a long time.
0	what are the polls actually showing you?
0	i have all my isolation gear on.
0	and people cheered as we heard there.
0	and that to me is really frustrating.
0	i was surprised that they were there.
0	eyder thanks so much for joining us.
0	and we raised like $25,000 that night.
0	that could be one of the annoyances.
0	but he did a lot of mapping.
0	and she was a ninth grade teacher.
0	you were the nomenklatura without the nomen?
0	he was considered for the job before.
0	because we're out of time right now.
0	absolutely not and why should there be?
0	i sat with friends near the back.
0	and what have you learned through this?
0	one it is difficult to measure recidivism.
0	so there's a considerable amount of worry.
0	what have we heard from them today?
0	it's just like damaging to their reputation.
0	and what are employees saying about this?
0	it's not easy to make these reductions.
0	sit he shouted move those legs stand.
0	a few seconds pass the curtain drops.
0	she said they look okay to her.
0	i had it expunged some years later.
0	i know something that nobody else knows.
0	that's important information for people to know.
0	my which leads right into my question.
0	so the main issue is health care.
0	hard to recognize that in yourself sometimes.
0	let's go exploring beyond the common sense.
0	gil wasn't the only one plugging in.
0	abderrahim thanks so much for joining us.
0	and so that should raise some questions.
0	we're not going to solve this thing.
0	a couple of solutions have been floated.
0	they had a little criminal justice thing.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	it could mean no are you kidding?
0	he would be like you're not ready.
0	they got him a therapist right away.
0	maybe not by say the november elections?
0	and then ken brought up chris' depression.
0	in washington i'm neal conan npr news.
0	the children were happy parents were happy.
0	and it's an enabler of global reach.
0	you can add to that champaign illinois.
0	or do you think maybe the opposite?
0	and i said well she's this grandmother.
0	nonviolent resistance was met with violent force.
0	and she wound up hemorrhaging and died.
0	we're talking with political junkie ken rudin.
0	it's not a good way to live.
0	everybody wants to live along the waterfront.
0	here's another potentially sobering thought: driverless vehicles.
0	and he's like you feel it yet?
0	and so i looked at my friends.
0	our economy continues to underperform the nation.
0	her dog slowed down her suicide plans.
0	going to see movies and plays right?
0	what happens actually though is quite different.
0	although there are a lot of them.
0	scott milholland is with hope presbyterian church.
0	and we would never say it publicly.
0	that's an error rate of 30 percent.
0	and what's on your list for tomorrow?
0	i mean what is the obama plan?
0	i didn't get all my first choices.
0	and she doesn't live near you right?
0	but there is a split among republicans.
0	and what about democratic congresswoman cynthia mckinney?
0	it's enmeshed in a   serious financial scandal.
0	it's pledge week up here in minnesota.
0	that's the lowest in korean presidential history.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	first of course i wanted the details.
0	from member station whyy joe hernandez reports.
0	let's get a response from councilman oddo.
0	it's you know open to the public.
0	like for example west palm's main street.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	this is where he works these days.
0	but being a vegetarian starts on friday.
0	we asked alcoholics anonymous for a response.
0	we would create about eight million jobs.
0	that's the thing that's keeping us going.
0	dan clark of the pbs station wmht.
0	and yet i don't say that's right.
0	and you talked about bonding over sports.
0	forty-eight-year-old michelle teague is a corporate trainer.
0	sho baraka it's been a real pleasure.
0	you've got corporations who are doing this.
0	a lot of people are in jail.
0	and this is from cathy in merridan.
0	welcome back to science friday representative boehlert.
0	you can't count him for a minyan.
0	and that has made people think again.
0	here's katie nolan a commentator for foxsports.
0	he rated 2,200 movies in one morning.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	we wish we could get to everybody.
0	that's not big enough for these people.
0	for months nothing was heard of him.
0	oh yes you can ladies and gentlemen.
0	bob thanks very much for the call.
0	michael thanks very much for the call.
0	did they really make the right choice?
0	it's like his whole head is covered.
0	yeah so still true to the dream.
0	jungle music piped from loudspeakers greets visitors.
0	a traffic warden gives out parking tickets.
0	and that comes out in the film.
0	people are waiting for what will happen.
0	he is just pitching this so great.
0	everybody grew up and survived off welfare.
0	yeah so anyway we brought her up.
0	she had never been away to college.
0	legally you can't and practically you can't.
0	i need you to talk to me.
0	there was this taxi incident in moscow.
0	they're filled with art and dance parties.
0	he's a columnist with the washington post.
0	she joins us from her office there.
0	that doesn't say anything about their abilities.
0	i'm not going to come back here.
0	again this comes from the documentary disbelief.
0	and you just grew to love him.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	his name is darius by the way.
0	and we don't recognize that as bullying.
0	this is one of my all-time favorites.
0	have you ever participated in a makeover?
0	mark thanks very much for the call.
0	npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	well thanks so much for having me.
0	mesquite city texas passed restrictions right away.
0	you know venus and serena are in.
0	well next year next year next year.
0	i think it's why it's so revered.
0	his neighborhood dry cleaner was wiped out.
0	i'm not writing an article per se.
0	well look syria is surrounded by countries.
0	yeah we were in a parking lot.
0	we'll be right back after a break.
0	their tours will still be 15 months.
0	but the basketball team was not great.
0	see one thing you have to understand.
0	and then her life fell to pieces.
0	fresh air's executive producer is danny miller.
0	the word covert as opposed to overt.
0	this is going to cause political problems.
0	they broke into the clinic i heard.
0	you need to see it he said.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	and then we would eat the salad.
0	i said i'm getting out of here.
0	so that first day aj walks in.
0	the rover is slightly arthritic callas said.
0	and what did you make of that?
0	please don't let that become the assumption.
0	he's very confident he can find something.
0	you can find it streaming on hbo.
0	email question from randy in san francisco.
0	because i want 30 million people covered.
0	were you woken up early this morning?
0	so i think the polls are deceptive.
0	well i hope he recovers from this.
0	and a wounded tiger goes into hibernation.
0	you are introducing new gun control legislation.
0	ken rudin is with us as always.
0	everything we fought for is at risk.
0	you know that's a very interesting question.
0	like what were you worried about happening?
0	the statue was right outside his window.
0	let me aski have a clinician here.
0	i have never heard of this before.
0	it's definitely true of other urban areas.
0	the park service has a house there.
0	i guess no. no no no. wedding.
0	we have declarations from individuals as well.
0	cowen says very few jobs are safe.
0	what do you do with the information?
0	we're also really ramping up our therapeutics.
0	lauren frayer npr news guwahati assam india.
0	our producer becky sullivan has her story.
0	if felt like something good to do.
0	let me ask you this with regard.
0	is what's going to happen with palin.
0	it was journalism as a coping mechanism.
0	studies show such traffic ambushes are rare.
0	and we each ignored the other's advice.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	and viable company ultimately depends on profitability.
0	they're simply not even scheduled for hearing.
0	i'd rather hear the message and help.
0	it's the gold standard of collective defense.
0	and it leaves out so many people.
0	stephen good to talk with you again.
0	and what do they think about it?
0	omg that has to be rupaul right?
0	and in washington this is robert siegel.
0	i'm not here to bring in drugs.
0	it's jamie campbell calling from londonderry vermont.
0	and i'll tell you what i did.
0	i went to tammy haddad's garden party.
0	they pledged to do so in kismayo.
0	would chris ever do a celebrity endorsement?
0	i might have said play it safe.
0	but his family did not believe him.
0	all the old people we know this.
0	they come from ecuador and also mexico.
0	and first how about don rumsfeld today?
0	in washington i'm neal conan npr news.
0	first and last names who is it?
0	some may no longer understand the issue.
0	they're pretty sure it's a bad idea.
0	or put another way aj might win.
0	we invaded afghanistan when i was 15.
0	don't give up on me mr. hanson.
0	he called last night's debate a stalemate.
0	joe kept ribbing us through the interview.
0	but josh had a very different feeling.
0	i'm not here to do anything illegal.
0	he's questioned federal involvement in mine safety.
0	do you think they were all actors?
0	it just seemed like a slippery slope.
0	you know strips of newspaper x wide.
0	i didn't kind of like going out.
0	will are you a fan of halloween?
0	what would you write to your bully?
0	and this is a real game changer.
0	the department of justice pre-cleared it twice.
0	tell us what you mean about that.
0	alan dietrich says he's gotten an offer.
0	and makes a hell of a syrup.
0	well it has to a certain extent.
0	and can you compare these two events?
0	miami gardens is an overwhelmingly black community.
0	they just didn't want all the attention.
0	he was the assistant secretary of defense.
0	i was filming an accident automotive accident.
0	one european a doctor survived the journey.
0	i was sitting in my la-z-boy chair.
0	he seems acutely aware of the perceptions.
0	and both worked construction worked for cash.
0	how problematic are his ira roots there?
0	how long will this money last you?
0	i booked her last week he said.
0	a friend of mine was in it.
0	white's eyeing a chevy traverse a crossover.
0	this is not helpful for anybody's mental.
0	can you tell us about that one?
0	and then a psychiatrist prescribed him prozac.
0	it used to be a two-pill regimen.
0	the test proctor stands at the front.
0	she blogs about football injuries at espn.
0	the latest barack obama the democratic candidate.
0	after several minutes goodman ends the discussion.
0	among other things drugs can be enjoyable.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	and you have a posting there too.
0	we believe that to be the case.
0	you know that was a major report.
0	not much of anyone from our analysis.
0	she heads investor relations for alliant capital.
0	there was a first a state referendum.
0	tom welcome to talk of the nation.
0	much of the aid has been paralyzed.
0	what do you do there in eugene?
0	so you know we'd switch them out.
0	so we'll have to wait and see.
0	i think he's a very intelligent guy.
0	the writer and director is terence davies.
0	i was in the care of myself.
0	that's the steel vessel within the containment.
0	i think that it's a temporary ban.
0	so it was a powerful informative trip.
0	and why is that neck anatomy important?
0	it's kind of a classic childhood scene.
0	i'd say there's definitely still an impact.
0	new york is the thing deformed me.
0	not flat i guess in other words.
0	we certainly don't immediately use the button.
0	i love baguettes all that good stuff.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and it's a female first name nickname.
0	fred has called from st. joseph's missouri.
0	let's go to david in san antonio.
0	here's white house press secretary sarah sanders.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i felt like i was imagining something.
0	it's like a head on a pike.
0	one corner is in the appalachian mountains.
0	multiply that by 100 and a million.
0	they were really moved by the museum.
0	can you tell me more about that?
0	here's minnesota senator al franken a democrat.
0	but he didn't do that so-called race.
0	we'll see on this one won't we?
0	this will take a while this process.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so that's going to change over time.
0	well after a while this gets old.
0	what kind of farm did you run?
0	it's better not to use your hands.
0	what do you think about all this?
0	it's a pleasure to be with you.
0	oh this seems to go to that.
0	quinta this first one is for you.
0	everybody just loved being in his presence.
0	i guess it's a little good fortune.
0	it's lebanon and albanian which has four.
0	frankly i don't know why anyone's surprised.
0	and have you heard this tune lately?
0	have you ever had a daymare susan?
0	liz thanks very much for the call.
0	but in fact he doesn't need to.
0	that's one of the tips you offer.
0	this is a song that he wrote.
0	i don't want to call it rationing.
0	quinta this next one is for you.
0	doctors are testing him for internal injuries.
0	it was new kid comes to town.
0	kirk's conclusion was well that didn't work.
0	what is it like at this event?
0	i think we should bring that back.
0	this is the campaign's biweekly senior coffee.
0	well you do it with organic grapes.
0	it's a pleasure to be here scott.
0	srinivas kaza is a computer science major.
0	she's with us from new york city.
0	we've had a number of democratic election.
0	rodney i'm going to start with you.
0	i agree with everything rodney just said.
0	the u.s. tried it in the '90s.
0	how do the candidates deal with that?
0	this is a very very important job.
0	stan wiley was the hospital's new administrator.
0	so what are listeners saying this week?
0	and this round we're starting something new.
0	if you see more wood pecker activity.
0	we didn't discuss payment of the wall.
0	matt continetti e.j. dionne thanks so much.
0	almost no one is buying or selling.
0	there was no other way around it.
0	ann's with us from middletown in ohio.
0	that's how the academy heard about him.
0	all we did we didn't force creationism.
0	harry with us from st. louis missouri.
0	today's puzzle is called arrangement of notes.
0	stuart with us from nashville in tennessee.
0	dad is this is a good gun?
0	since monday dayton has lost 37 votes.
0	then he ran for president in 2008.
0	stage six do a meaningless political reshuffle.
0	the world needs to stop being boring.
0	so they're looking for pictures of both.
0	but in general it goes like this.
0	and please take this with you ok?
0	pat wins a t-shirt for the democrats.
0	it's just grapes and flour and water.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	are you advocating that we don't try?
0	and well numbers show that they do.
0	and you know we will still exist.
0	and again there's only a year left.
0	tim on the line from virginia beach.
0	he's since rotated in this second spot.
0	what is your reaction to that rating?
0	i don't know what the chances are.
0	we're looking at the flow through it.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	thanks very much for the call kat.
0	there's not a lot of great choices.
0	well it was certainly a great speech.
0	so what are they arguing about here?
0	let's listen to him for a second.
0	did she run against joe miller before?
0	because there's nothing to stop you really.
0	he covers the supreme court for slate.
0	effectively sick job syndrome if you will.
0	paul brinkley is deputy undersecretary of defense.
0	we asked at two different universities there.
0	we just can't take four more years.
0	or were you like hey that's mine?
0	i mean this isn't a precise number.
0	and look where we are today right?
0	what about for people who like animation?
0	how do you feel about that assessment?
0	no the canadian government has been consistent.
0	do you like being called dr. may?
0	and that's what he wanted to do.
0	missing was a description of the killer.
0	then you're going to be in trouble.
0	i repeat he is not a pirate.
0	the answer is it's all about oil.
0	i'm going to be 49 in june.
0	when these systems work they worked fantastically.
0	finally today it's been a hard week.
0	war veteran sees red at nhs policy.
0	but this   failed to change javid's mind.
0	that wasn't so painful by the way.
0	steven lawry is president of antioch college.
0	let me underscore what he's saying here.
0	anti-american sentiment has lingered despite   newsweek's retraction.
0	new zealand is ending its visa extensions.
0	how pressing of a concern is that?
0	professor thanks for joining us appreciate it.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	the price of the ruble is sinking.
0	that's npr's national security editor phil ewing.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	i certainly want more money for science.
0	i was heavily influenced by that movie.
0	you can refuse adoption to lbgt people.
0	so we've done a lot of fact-checking.
0	but jon realized he also needed marla.
0	try to ask him about the neighborhood.
0	it wasn't as well-known as foreign claims.
0	mr. crocker welcome back to the program.
0	they had a huge amount of trouble.
0	warren mowry watched it all play out.
0	well we did a number of things.
0	and thanks to our production partner wnyc.
0	he absolutely hates to ask for help.
0	he wears his mustache trim and neat.
0	yesterday republicans were still asking that question.
0	he reluctantly agreed to meet with jason.
0	and they told him call him up.
0	and so they make their own weave.
0	and just this is the last one.
0	carol clapp splits her year in half.
0	immigration was a good ground-game issue too.
0	but that doesn't mean you shouldn't live.
0	i'm laura sullivan in for guy raz.
0	that action divided environmental groups in florida.
0	two minutes past 7:00 whb happy time.
0	and we're of course welcoming your   calls.
0	he's been with the president a lot.
0	the experiment officially begins january 1 2013.
0	some are calling for repeal of it.
0	there was no radio in the aircraft.
0	so it still came into the mainstream.
0	where do you see the first growth?
0	coming up the young comedian dane cook.
0	that was mardesha bright jamie's older sister.
0	nice to speak to you too scott.
0	can someone else pull an upset here?
0	good to talk to you again neal.
0	he loved sharing this with younger people.
0	no trace of gregory was ever recovered.
0	what was it like driving a taxi?
0	but anyway we'll move on i digress.
0	wow i'm going to clap for that.
0	let's hear from robert in topeka kansas.
0	victoria toensing is a former federal prosecutor.
0	can i ask how you met al?
0	have you got the pan in place?
0	you know a little bit of both.
0	and i put that one in storage.
0	and now i'm just putting it back.
0	first of all it's an interim situation.
0	it's the ability to read and write.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	was it the best way to perform?
0	gregory porter isn't doing this by himself.
0	i think that was the biggest shock.
0	it's an interesting take on it right?
0	don't sweat the small stuff you know?
0	we like to play with real products.
0	can you explain his positions for us?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i don't go to the beach willingly.
0	and there's really no place to hide.
0	but wbfs did not reporter-produce that story.
0	can you describe that meeting for us?
0	that's a huge part of the story.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you didn't appear in those videos yourselves.
0	i'm not the only one out here.
0	david thanks so much for the call.
0	noseda has been called a radical conductor.
0	i mean they're learning as they go.
0	but other stuff wasn't like they'd thought.
0	what else did you learn about them?
0	oh at least 30 miles per hour.
0	you know hold your legs up right?
0	then you're opening a can of worms.
0	or can i get like a multiple-choice?
0	its npr's national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	the question the cast would always joke.
0	boom his grades got much better immediately.
0	it's just not something that people discuss.
0	i mean how open was this process?
0	why didn't officials try harder to negotiate?
0	what about the justice side of it?
0	some are beautiful some are purely mythological.
0	everything was very tempestoso like a storm.
0	i called them up on the phone.
0	and so i got up and ran.
0	spain also faces a year of austerity.
0	that definitely clears that up for me.
0	well i think the results are mixed.
0	he's a biologist with washington state university.
0	but sung by frankie valli i believe.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and it did work to some extent.
0	it has three words in its name.
0	he was hoping for a lot more.
0	respectfully your honor it's not the stratosphere.
0	it was just delayed in some states.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	however that there's no claim of responsibility.
0	and i mean that in two ways.
0	you need 75 percent to get in.
0	he is co-founder and ceo of vivavi.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	thank you very much for your question.
0	terence davies discovered emily dickinson on television.
0	it's called the ben franklin privacy caucus.
0	but i wonder why that this happened?
0	the latinos are a solid democratic base.
0	there's been a lot written about that.
0	npr's eleanor beardsley send us this report.
0	and i'm carrie johnson national justice correspondent.
0	so far there really isn't any money.
0	some of the dogs are not calm.
0	let us leave it there for now.
0	and i think it's really really powerful.
0	it makes no sense by the way.
0	how this is a very serious problem.
0	human rights watch can't really help you.
0	was that sort of your guilty pleasure?
0	they can keep it for seven days.
0	vin weber let me turn to you.
0	so flash-flood warnings all over the place.
0	the cold makes the paint too brittle.
0	our world has become digital not analog.
0	can we go visit the seed vault?
0	so we're not building a time capsule.
0	it's the farthest place in the world.
0	do you think they should try to?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we're going to be voting our conscience.
0	foreign policy is a love of mine.
0	democrats spent the day defending the law.
0	it was like college all over again.
0	what can i tell you about myself?
0	a letter apologizing to the injured party.
0	they're not a great offensive rebounding team.
0	because it's like $400 for the series.
0	we had a baby scale at home.
0	i've never used it as a crutch.
0	waiting until september is not the answer.
0	thanks very much for coming in today.
0	npr's don gonyea explains what's going on.
0	i was shy or i was whatever.
0	i kind of have an interesting perspective.
0	i think we're all doing pretty well.
0	and i said well i don't know.
0	and i was like oh my god.
0	and she wants to tell her story.
0	you want to slow the process down.
0	and surprisingly you know it did something.
0	his time is running out for him.
0	the restaurant owner is abbas saeed mohammad.
0	eric welcome to talk of the nation.
0	a lot of people think about that.
0	we've just had a change in strategy.
0	it just shook shook shook shook shook.
0	that's what he brought to the game.
0	the houses and lawns are well kept.
0	no i have no name for it.
0	at this age little kids are sponges.
0	he lives out of the garbage pail.
0	there's very low literacy on this issue.
0	the child remains healthy and very muscular.
0	we did not pick up the check.
0	that's what i think in my head.
0	we're going to destroy isis so fast.
0	let me just say this is hard.
0	understandably it took a slight dip today.
0	and so that's what his purpose was.
0	so ford has drastically cutback its operations.
0	i think there's no doubt about it.
0	as they say in scotland oy enough.
0	it was just hitler's boat over there.
0	people celebrate it all over the world.
0	you know your book was quite interesting.
0	it's so great to have you here.
0	i was living independently lots of friends.
0	but the china issue is complicated territory.
0	paul's got to feel sick about this.
0	and both times they hit their miracle.
0	all right mckayla thanks for the call.
0	what is the significance of this sentence?
0	just so i could see the commercial.
0	the primary relief now is just monetary.
0	he's got all that kind of stuff.
0	so really shifting their tax structure there.
0	as you mentioned you were harassed twice.
0	right we all take it for granted.
0	for instance they would compact the concrete.
0	tito for example is an eminem fan.
0	they don't really want to do that.
0	what did you say to the reporter?
0	does professor boxill still have her job?
0	jacky came from california went to ucla.
0	the title comes from believe it elvis.
0	listen to what happened to this woman.
0	it took kay an awful long time.
0	because it was always just a rumor.
0	frieda welcome to talk of the nation.
0	arthur do you know what's going on?
0	you're talking about the 21st century agenda.
0	that would get you almost $300 billion.
0	he came home with his own ptsd.
0	it's different at the informal vet centers.
0	she thought she was going to die.
0	so why do you think he stole?
0	she was losing blood and having spasms.
0	we'd also like to hear from you.
0	here's a clip from the associated press.
0	anybody reading book it's about selling books.
0	joel rose of member station whyy reports.
0	welcome to talk of the nation bruce.
0	then one of the riders did something.
0	i'm not afraid that that will happen.
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	as a source of inspiration not suspicion.
0	it's a message that we take everywhere.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	he's a facilitator with storycorps' griot initiative.
0	obviously i'm not going to be delusional.
0	moral values vary accordingly to the person.
0	say something else and i'll slap you.
0	she says undercover workplace recordings are commonplace.
0	i don't have any information about that.
0	when you're doing it with other people?
0	the bao's are the dominant clan here.
0	so that's an important advance i think.
0	paul howard is fulton county's district attorney.
0	let's squeeze in one more fast call.
0	this is colida johnson and bonnie rice.
0	this group did a really good job.
0	i thought that they were really brave.
0	here's senator shelby laying down the law.
0	and often the sound is more parallel.
0	but you understand why i can ask?
0	she worried her mother might reject her.
0	and that's annoying some members of congress.
0	would make a good twin to her.
0	others are saying well there weren't enough.
0	and that will take a few years.
0	yeah he had a dui before this.
0	it turns out sipc's out of money.
0	another 2% engage in sleep related violence.
0	everybody   knows the timetable it's next year.
0	i've always wanted to go to istanbul.
0	that question isn't limited to osteoporosis drugs.
0	the politicians are fighting hard over it.
0	is their sex better than my own?
0	here's what she said on tuesday's broadcast.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and that political movement is officially   banned.
0	women have their own version of it.
0	and you know he just carried on.
0	right i he was an outstanding professor.
0	so that's another   issue that's come up.
0	gene is on the line from fresno.
0	npr's kirk siegler reports from los angeles.
0	sadly it didnt actually happen that way.
0	all you've got left is skid row.
0	so you know the problem has begun.
0	the impact that it has is devastating.
0	the first mechanic lives near a church.
0	he was sure that he would succeed.
0	the young economists seem to know that.
0	well you know actually very few people.
0	we will help you with emissions cuts.
0	thanks very much how was the coke?
0	a scenario we've heard from other women.
0	they were in college at the time.
0	and that's the bane of a democracy.
0	and they're all chanting the same thing.
0	on sunday we will have some problem.
0	why did you first decide to file?
0	now let's back up a little bit.
0	that is the missing formula so far.
0	and besides her id card is expired.
0	thanks so much for talking to us.
0	a loud piercing squawk like a parrot.
0	how did this first come to light?
0	it'd be pathetic to die like this.
0	what do you make of this optimism?
0	she's a columnist with the chicago sun-times.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	you would have to raise that wouldn't.
0	that should go through the legislative process.
0	he joins us from our washington studios.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you can get the podcast there too.
0	but i think we make too much.
0	in terms of black leadership that's fine.
0	and some even asked for her number.
0	he's still looking for a vice-presidential candidate.
0	they didn't know anything about date farming.
0	russian planes are backing president bashar al-assad.
0	gay couples already have domestic partnership benefits.
0	they are not classified but they're confidential.
0	but so many folks hear it today.
0	she says it's a smart marketing move.
0	the bahamas have been hit the hardest.
0	he died monday of complications from cancer.
0	and she said what can we do?
0	even those asking for it knew that.
0	his dad died when he was eight.
0	is it a violation of federal law?
0	he'd forgotten she was a first-generation american.
0	you have no idea what you've done.
0	then there's a very ambitious project beermapping.
0	there's princess di memorabilia in the library.
0	so you might hear little slippered feet.
0	where you have sinned so you are?
0	ok we'll have a number one meal.
0	that winter i had my first nightmare.
0	she was in her own little world.
0	good lord i forgot all about it.
0	this country neighbors iraq afghanistan and syria.
0	i mean it was just so unusual.
0	how did it compare to past years?
0	but don't count the cleveland indians out.
0	this person was sobbing throughout the interview.
0	he spoke with our colleague steve inskeep.
0	you don't own an ar-15 for example.
0	i mean the politics are just explosive.
0	but let's try to keep it short.
0	i sent her an email confessing everything.
0	they've successfully treated two ebola cases there.
0	i think we were both very embarrassed.
0	i will do thank you very much.
0	i'm in business school doing great so.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	that's what you are hired to do.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	think of it as a passing lane.
0	what are you trying to say here?
0	i notice you called her mother rosanell.
0	it's an incredibly complicated and vexing question.
0	you get into things that are good.
0	is there going to be anger disillusionment?
0	well i could debate that one too.
0	and they're all in the same shape.
0	it's difficult to find the right level.
0	it's up on our website at sciencefriday.
0	your daughter is very very talkative tonight.
0	well where are you guys right now?
0	thanks neal good to be with you.
0	or sometimes it's the other way around.
0	and so for me it was hard.
0	so the libyans now face this choice.
0	she was working in a nail salon.
0	sing that one song a kid asks.
0	other nights it's $1,500 for one bet.
0	but not all facilities can afford that.
0	yes because again it was his brilliance.
0	you pay for it you own it.
0	well 9,300 hours there's no such term.
0	joining us now is npr's scott horsley.
0	in the meantime kids are left wondering.
0	surfs up see you on the net.
0	we have a neo-fascist regime in guatemala.
0	he was miming knocking on a door.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and he was a very clever lawyer.
0	that is governor steve bullock of montana.
0	but they'll remain strong for some time.
0	you're not supposed to lose with aces.
0	let's get one final call in dennis.
0	and then we kept talking about race.
0	and they want to talk about it.
0	post your comments by going to nprnewsandviews.
0	we enter into these negotiations very clear.
0	her 50 beds are almost always full.
0	where do you think it will end?
0	act two look for the union label.
0	why would fox news possibly confuse them?
0	do you remember what i made you?
0	so this the only option we have.
0	and how that happened is really complicated.
0	it always comes out like n-n-n please.
0	that is the government of iraq right.
0	and we chit chat a little bit.
0	as if it were someone else's problem.
0	we heard from christy faymonville this week.
0	i don't know why they have that.
0	in fact that's exactly what they're finding.
0	and i'm rushing to the mess hall.
0	it goes up and it goes down.
0	and that's why we're doing our projects.
0	boder recorded 109 interviews over two months.
0	there's still a great deal of uncertainty.
0	will mapping the brain be worth it?
0	how do you write as a woman?
0	economics reporter annie lowrey writes for slate.
0	what thoughts do you have about that?
0	their countries have been invaded by them.
0	i mean they're not called camel babies.
0	they replaced the cows with new cows.
0	they're willing to make painful spending cuts.
0	had you served in the iran-iraq war?
0	i think that this is absolutely important.
0	that should not be what we do.
0	it shows merck was walking a tightrope.
0	there are other levers it can pull.
0	the largest numbers have come from honduras.
0	you begin your article explaining your background.
0	and i'm not sure that he does.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	hi neal thanks for having me on.
0	because he's going to stay in power.
0	i think we had no other choice.
0	i think it's always a concern though.
0	it lower trust in the political system.
0	i've you know raised two wonderful children.
0	i can't describe what that authority is.
0	because she knew how sick she was.
0	it's pretty rare these days you know.
0	she stayed in her shell of grief?
0	some places very encouraging some extremely distressing.
0	plus you had to pay $500 deposit.
0	and she just kept shaking her head.
0	some of them are running the streets.
0	troy you're in my hometown of baltimore.
0	do you feel uncomfortable with your age?
0	maybe you just put a squiggly line.
0	and he's reorganizing the national security council.
0	and let's get matt on the line.
0	well i think they can work together.
0	you said some security guards actually fainted.
0	so you can go over the top.
0	the problem was dry ice is expensive.
0	so you're no longer friends i gather.
0	so there's no there's an unmarked border.
0	because of them we don't have peace.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	talk of the nation from npr news.
0	hey brother how are you feeling today?
0	we have had a lot of cuts.
0	you were in aspen we should explain.
0	oh i broke open the security pouch.
0	you're trying to write for your idols.
0	i felt like i'd cracked a code.
0	what did i ever do to you?
0	the little girl looked up at me.
0	and how much has class size increased?
0	a tan cap is filled with coins.
0	ice calls it a family residential center.
0	you know that is a good point.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	you know i saw these falling shapes.
0	it looks different up in the mountains.
0	he cited cambodia rwanda burundi and bosnia.
0	i'm going to sit in that chair.
0	is that a statement of our values?
0	well becky pringle is a teacher herself.
0	you have people that are in denial.
0	so many bipartisan efforts have fallen apart.
0	i think it's a very good bill.
0	well i think that gives it away.
0	and they probably say oh that's terrible.
0	and there are always many media worlds.
0	we're saying no that's not the case.
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	hi there thanks for taking my call.
0	he also trains residents in family medicine.
0	thank you for joining us once again.
0	mariachi bands drift among the plastic tables.
0	amitav ghosh tells us where they're heading.
0	and eventually to utter and complete defeat.
0	but there's also an alternate theory david.
0	there are a whole hosts of ideas.
0	you are misinterpreting the poll you mentioned.
0	by most measures it's a better job.
0	why can't you help me lose weight?
0	twitter may be worth billions of dollars.
0	i'm standing on main street in sturgis.
0	he couldn't the words didn't come out.
0	i mean does that bring more awareness?
0	well there were a couple of things.
0	i didn't really think about a bus.
0	he's on his way out of office.
0	hi yes thanks for taking my call.
0	you worked on a white house staff.
0	and they're bringing those problems with us.
0	critically ukraine is not a nato ally.
0	so because this is during the embargo?
0	and album of the year for supernatural.
0	and off she goes on that banshee.
0	my brain has long since stopped functioning.
0	from member station whyy elizabeth fiedler reports.
0	my dad is a publisher in baltimore.
0	i was wrong and i am responsible.
0	so for crowd control they're incredibly effective.
0	fitzgerald thought grove park inn might help.
0	i think that's i think it's vital.
0	jason margolis of member   station kqed reports.
0	that was true before the nuclear accident.
0	it is after all an election year.
0	my mother offered to drive me over.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	don't feel too bad for me though.
0	it's a cyber currency that's sold peer-to-peer.
0	you write about filling the villain void.
0	looks like the other guy is too.
0	and this has been a remarkable story.
0	i just want to make an announcement.
0	and let me follow up with you.
0	mccain's position is muddled so is obama's.
0	i got that a lot grounded indefinitely.
0	he joins me now from his home.
0	there's an intimacy about the modern presidency.
0	who pays the political price for this?
0	well it's interesting you mentioned the article.
0	it has been a pleasure as always.
0	children's school grades have also gone up.
0	some people may think oh my gosh.
0	and he was just crying in pain.
0	yeah it was like a 100-year-old statute.
0	how do you work within that context?
0	that was the nuclear deal with iran.
0	well how are the rock fans responding?
0	two israeli soldiers died in the operation.
0	i suppose it was then as well.
0	in fact he was holding a cellphone.
0	they feel indestructible in their teenage years.
0	and it ended over 150 years ago.
0	oh you've got a nice house yovanda.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	that was julie's swan song with us.
0	just i'll sell your stuff for you.
0	the islamic state has used sophisticated tactics.
0	and let's just pause for a moment.
0	a lot of people are off   today.
0	i thought i was doing something wrong.
0	well i'm sorry to hear that jack.
0	we never had alcohol in the house.
0	but i only say it in french.
0	she'll heal up and be just fine.
0	i'm going to pick up some more.
0	and for hillary it wasn't much larger.
0	but first the great earthquake and fire.
0	it was a sobering turn of events.
0	and so he figured his only option.
0	that's a pretty deep-seated instinct i think.
0	and um what exactly does that mean?
0	here he is in michigan last weekend.
0	but it's time to arrive i think.
0	they've been persecuted for a long time.
0	the new study doesn't answer that question.
0	i checked myself into the emergency room.
0	often children got separated from the families.
0	this was an excellent win for republicans.
0	but feinstein didn't give this speech lightly.
0	i emailed back yes i could meet.
0	so there's a considerable   margin of error.
0	once you get the spot you're fine.
0	that's kind of not what they advertised.
0	you sometimes get somebody worse i mean.
0	it does kind of have a collar.
0	three letters in this word are repeated.
0	i didn't think that anyone could help.
0	and water managers say they'll be ready.
0	and why didn't you ask for help?
0	and there's no way you can win.
0	the opinion page when we come back.
0	but i'm not sorry i did it.
0	it's called freezing people is not easy.
0	and here privacy is really important especially.
0	they've been getting these horrible facial tumors.
0	this girl is a high school senior.
0	and i want to start our own.
0	and the parents just didn't even care.
0	i wake up you know with joy.
0	they don't have a vigilance about them.
0	a constant field trip with your friends.
0	they will retain and hold these neighborhoods.
0	we'll be back in just a minute.
0	they've been trying to hammer it out.
0	but he did move on two things.
0	i mean because i had had boyfriends.
0	you're mostly a food writer aren't you?
0	they talk about it as full-spectrum operations.
0	that's what's you know that's the standard.
0	why did chris ask for me today?
0	oh gosh oh appall and a paula.
0	and i think there are three reasons.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	the market for dial-up internet is shrinking.
0	remember just one entry per person please.
0	well i don't know about the backrubs.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	i'm farai chideya in for ed gordon.
0	you know kids are just getting fat.
0	for maribel it's meant endless hospital stays.
0	so yeah i was raking it in.
0	they do not nest on any continent.
0	this is money they need right away.
0	so he caught up with me man.
0	and emissions have to peak by 2015.
0	and it's a darker piece of music.
0	who talks to a two-year-old like that?
0	well will hold on to your hat.
0	i love being your team member today.
0	i know many people that work there.
0	it's the biggest economy in the country.
0	but it was a cry for freedom.
0	and yet consumers were charged for those.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	sadr is massively popular with poor shiites.
0	the british embassy is not far away.
0	two guys have pulled out their instruments.
0	the freeze event's pretty much over with.
0	he's interested in flying with the cranes.
0	we have this story from joe lovell.
0	and then i got in the car.
0	add two and fewer there will be.
0	buganda is a kingdom a monarchy correct?
0	and that was the beauty of it.
0	what were the charges in your case?
0	twelve americans died in a helicopter   crash.
0	wheels came off they like to say.
0	so that is a country he knows.
0	and also there was the business element.
0	i think i can remember your face.
0	the path opens up onto a field.
0	it came to the u.s. in 1962.
0	they deserve to suffer and suffer greatly.
0	well i suppose there is the ring.
0	the new resorts are promising more shows.
0	now i'm hoping we don't have that.
0	voters do not want a rubber stamp.
0	she said sure honey what's you address.
0	first of all which would you prefer?
0	i was not listed as a finalist.
0	why was he so popular with them?
0	that triples the size of the program.
0	we have a reason to blame them.
0	with a big assist from donald trump.
0	the people she worked for mistreated her.
0	she says it just sounds more realistic.
0	and i would try to tell them.
0	nationally romney is ahead by a hair.
0	margaret had never given her much thought.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he was bobby dunbar from opelousas louisiana.
0	the government set up its own warehouse.
0	to say let's split it you know?
0	they're back again to the final four.
0	tom bowman npr news kandahar province afghanistan.
0	assistant professor todd seyfarth explains the assignment.
0	so there are two sides of that.
0	he gave giant man a booming voice.
0	somebody by that name in the house?
0	and so rahm emanuel's patience was tested.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	now you specialize in these inshore charters.
0	and he really digs himself in deep.
0	and this was a surprise wasn't it?
0	i'm very pleased with the president's decision.
0	janice thanks very much with your call.
0	what's the thought here behind this campaign?
0	how long have you been doing science?
0	well did you fill it up again?
0	my whole family moved out of town.
0	i was a high-school and college debater.
0	they have no structure to their days.
0	clearly we are in a short timeframe.
0	i'm talking about republicans'   outreach in general.
0	and robbie dropped to the ground writhing.
0	that rate's now been reduced by half.
0	and i sort of- so it was.
0	but my mom- it was pretty bad.
0	evan thanks very much for joining us.
0	i think he raised an excellent point.
0	what a hard road he's gone through.
0	for i am the benevolent giant man!
0	they don't have tanks or heavy artillery.
0	you're talking about the book our america.
0	it's that the state still hasn't emerged.
0	it's going to be down the line.
0	then he said it was a gift.
0	i turned and shot at the bird.
0	is this the dreaded a word amnesty?
0	well given that how are firefighters doing.
0	no. i don't think i was surprised.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	it's an honor and a privilege steve.
0	and she's kind of fascinated by her.
0	i think that's safe to say yeah.
0	the original buildings down here were mills.
0	i mean that just makes no sense.
0	that happened at hopper lane apartments too.
0	it's a cockpit it's an historical cockpit.
0	we can exist and pay for ourselves.
0	danielle welcome to talk of the nation.
0	but regular folks also face increased risks.
0	you have to be kind of cleared.
0	so part one is control the border.
0	i am at the so-called olympic boulevard.
0	well venediktov is not saying anything now.
0	they're selling faster than they're coming in.
0	and i get hassled by my mom.
0	it's divided people all over the world.
0	and the modern comedy doesn't go through.
0	explain the career then of hugh grant.
0	i'm honored to have been with you.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	roy wilkins was still the   executive director.
0	mike inifik in new york hi welcome.
0	he had denounced people with the gestapo.
0	for me a good number can sing.
0	at least that's my feeling about it.
0	it shows you exactly where you are.
0	chay thanks very much for the call.
0	that is true he could do that.
0	you know how many people are there.
0	so you really really you're voting for.
0	i think it's something more than that.
0	that sounds even more scary to me.
0	he says they often hope to fail.
0	she's been in labor since 2:00 a.m.
0	and what's there really to talk about?
0	rasmussen says it wasn't cheating or anything.
0	and this was a group of cheerleaders.
0	it wasn't his precocity that impressed matt.
0	how did you get inside her head?
0	but of course he didn't do it.
0	it shows you exactly where you are.
0	paul does drugs a lot of drugs.
0	great to have you on the show.
0	you know i asked for a lawyer.
0	the baseball prospectus 2006 is just out.
0	thanks very much for the call cassidy.
0	it is right between tin and tellurium.
0	dr. fisher thank you for joining us.
0	that's how much money we're talking about.
0	never i never even thought about it.
0	he could make her his mate forever.
0	and he still supports the second amendment.
0	michele kelemen npr news the united nations.
0	paul welcome to talk of the nation.
0	we've got a broader obligation than that.
0	what kinds of answers have you reached?
0	more than has lived in house arrest.
0	so i'm ready for anybody to search.
0	they were just like what is this?
0	and some i assume are good people.
0	and it's a very important power plant.
0	decades later his conviction was set aside.
0	so tell us more about the settlement.
0	they'd come down to the main base.
0	and so this is a real concern.
0	and there are of course serious consequences.
0	i understand you still teach and practice.
0	and among those you include mexican farmers.
0	now that is potentially much more serious.
0	it's called the talk of your nation.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	jonathan ostry is the deputy research director.
0	in full disclosure they hold my mortgage.
0	other playlists are more science than art.
0	i do see it in the classroom.
0	more than 2,000 people responded to us.
0	the market's already down almost 11 percent.
0	but almost a dozen people have died.
0	i had given myself a tremendous gift.
0	and it was something she did often.
0	we cannot ignore this line of research.
0	i mean we can't take them seriously.
0	we have to have government under law.
0	croatia and slovenia have been helping out.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	i was traveling a lot on business.
0	it's not peaceful at all is it?
0	but the process has begun he said.
0	this is not the famous plymouth rock.
0	i mean usually we're talking about men.
0	extending it of course would cost more.
0	we have another meeting in early september.
0	but that's what i've been told informally.
0	you said nigger nigger nigger as everybody.
0	we have to take a short break.
0	what do they say about his independence?
0	i found the good people in albania.
0	no. i don't think so at all.
0	the thousand-dollar price tag doesn't include labor.
0	my kids are getting ready for camp.
0	companies have been willing to help out.
0	on the far end are two crematories.
0	so don't look for it on amazon.
0	dan dickerson is the tigers play-by-play announcer.
0	did i get it right that time?
0	he was also the most politically vocal.
0	so what do you make of that?
0	let's bring another voice into the conversation.
0	tony you didn't sound that very excited.
0	that's all things considered from npr news.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	he had no way of doing it.
0	you say the time is not ripe.
0	and they really don't like this development.
0	may be legendary coach would be better.
0	put it on your holiday book list.
0	and i need to raise that ratio.
0	yes i am a united states marine.
0	let's go to bill in virginia beach.
0	well they're a strange bunch these monks.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and that's where i stand until today.
0	it uses parachute just as we did.
0	can small be beautiful in the u.s.?
0	mm-hmm so they did understand the question.
0	and i think it's to scare them.
0	enough to fund long's next independent film.
0	i didn't have an ego about it.
0	you can put any background you want.
0	they are locked in by the location.
0	but does she know this story now?
0	happy new year to all of you.
0	but tell me why you think that.
0	it wasn't perfect but it was plenty.
0	that's right where the shoe should bend.
0	temperature drops to 120 degrees below zero.
0	we also make many afghans very rich.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	people and things seen at a wedding.
0	don't believe the fossil fuel industry propaganda.
0	i mean and good luck to you.
0	it said the boy twin had vanished.
0	there were several hundred thousands of them.
0	so physics is a very experimentally-based science.
0	you'll notice but won't want to say.
0	it means like it's a cool thing.
0	we told them weren't going to stay.
0	set the scene for us in nevada.
0	in other words you never get there.
0	the mccain message there was pretty clear.
0	npr's eyder peralta reports from the capital.
0	they bill for putting the screws in.
0	she sells it through her   company pregnancystore.
0	which i think is a great program.
0	george brummell i appreciate having you on.
0	israel of course still controls the airspace.
0	and since 2009 he's been at oge.
0	both groups started spending more on medications.
0	i have to be honest with you.
0	the jets just signed plaxico burress today.
0	so i said well that's ok allison.
0	it is not going to be enough.
0	like wow i didn't know this   existed.
0	people care very deeply about the economy.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	kathy oleth is correct help's   educational director.
0	it might have been a toy gun.
0	in 2006 andreu made his public admission.
0	oh thank you for having me madeleine.
0	and all the right people saw it.
0	nakia carter worries   about the same thing.
0	so what did you lose your job?
0	what would you consider tapping it for?
0	she was kidnapped and brutally gang raped.
0	i so you know i'm living again.
0	they feel that the security was inadequate.
0	it's damaging the environment but that cost?
0	that means they're set to go up.
0	so across the board we're seeing sequestration.
0	thank you very much for your insights.
0	you're going to insist you're leaving anyway.
0	and i use a reader called bloglines.
0	thomas ricks thank you for joining us.
0	training and equipment emphasized fighting at night.
0	no no no. this is your town.
0	it dangles from a twinkling christmas   tree.
0	let's talk a minute about the deal.
0	armstrong may have decided not to fight.
0	you know my parents kept a distance.
0	cleveland was relatively calm calmer than expected.
0	she's on capital which is under emi.
0	let's just pause for a second here.
0	that kind of huge fan uh huh.
0	that is what many people worry about.
0	he worked for a company called pimco.
0	thank you glad to be with you.
0	but the idea hasn't received much support.
0	hey anthony thanks so much this morning.
0	he certainly can't face the death penalty.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	we are going to market to it.
0	what is it people are fighting for?
0	or are there different types of agreements.
0	but that support is starting to fade.
0	and she's wearing her uniform is she?
0	he was always pushing that process forward.
0	but for us it actually gets hotter.
0	to pretend that it was something else.
0	she represents the city of el paso.
0	from new orleans npr's greg allen reports.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	thank you for having me mary louise.
0	we could turn that into a business.
0	why aren't the boys' parents on trial?
0	people are afraid of black men period.
0	they don't usually say i'm really funny.
0	in both groups many are serial rapists.
0	i mean green bay is football town.
0	let's hear a little bit of that.
0	sasha khokha of member station kqed reports.
0	and senator mccain also for it right?
0	yep that's pretty much what night remembers.
0	they swept up and down the ticket.
0	it will also ban post-purchase fare increases.
0	well i think that's a good argument.
0	except when you have times like this.
0	well i can't do it right now.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. firesetein.
0	let's take a call now from rick.
0	you're always going to have that chance.
0	you're on the air go ahead please.
0	well actually no not at this point.
0	linda joined us here in studio 3a.
0	we're going to get you a desk.
0	all right what are you guys drinking?
0	couldn't these students go some place else?
0	called earlier this month about the ring?
0	now this campaigning is happening so early.
0	your first three albums were pretty heavy.
0	now has the military the army responded?
0	robert thanks so much for your call.
0	catherine's husband peter was very very different.
0	a republican hasn't won there since 1984.
0	the katrina is an   entirely different matter.
0	diane wood by the way protestant but.
0	not actual operas but operatic in style.
0	let me see if exactly change topics.
0	and so we left right around christmas.
0	oh you didn't even get one star.
0	in fact it's called state line road.
0	yeah john kerry was nominated in boston?
0	also you can leave us e-mail there.
0	and they were running out of time.
0	nevada's caucuses are coming up this weekend.
0	this is becoming the party of trump.
0	robert thanks very much for the story.
0	that's part of the price too no?
0	well we found one of the risks.
0	and years later i lost my voice.
0	well what's the future for this company?
0	well he did get nominated four times.
0	let's move on to another topic though.
0	so well yeah that was my comment.
0	his predecessor jiang zemin was from shanghai.
0	they are blocking every site every newsletter.
0	when they're coming it could be dangerous.
0	let's go to saul in aurora colorado.
0	and also there are risks of geoengineering.
0	she had been provost for six years.
0	it's really just that it is high-intensity.
0	it's funded by the state of louisiana.
0	alex here's something that's confusing to me.
0	and he's a very positive character generally.
0	how can banks stores merchants extend credit?
0	and let's start with that last controversy.
0	the total number of activations was 48.
0	and there's a great amount of anger.
0	so that's the news of the republicans.
0	oh great to be with you lulu.
0	karen freeman-wilson the mayor of gary ind.
0	and sure enough it was virtually free-for-all.
0	you can also tweet us at scifri.
0	harrison says homelessness snuck up on him.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	and as far as you're concerned they're.
0	those targeted have taken their tweets down.
0	that's npr's national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	and you could hear the steel grinding.
0	what are u.s. officials saying about this?
0	it says like on the constitutional vote.
0	it's working in san francisco isn't it?
0	harvard is unbeaten in the ivy league.
0	we were in touch with government officials.
0	if schreiber had doubts she suppressed them.
0	dhariwal's company is hiring no new workers.
0	and it is growing at 7.6 percent.
0	he gathered evidence on mexico's drug gangs.
0	i said no i don't know that.
0	well it's not even cash that's needed.
0	yeah a clue that really wasn't good.
0	i can hear it in your voice.
0	kind of randomly in a weird way.
0	plan to stay in the car business?
0	and i know the answer to it.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	i'm called george and i feel well-accepted.
0	there are some that are against it.
0	i think john doe probably feels otherwise.
0	stupid is what they think we are.
0	so in '41 i joined the navy.
0	alaska public radio network's annie feidt reports.
0	and i have to ask you this.
0	it's what our challenge is as journalists.
0	so of course we always answer yes.
0	and they were struggling before the storm.
0	tell us about who you were then.
0	new york city has about 24,000 restaurants.
0	deborah amos npr news in al-ghazali iraq.
0	but utah does have a strong case.
0	it's very heavy on regulation and paperwork.
0	cruz might not be the stereotypical texan.
0	you know like less than five percent.
0	you read of those almost every month.
0	and people are being confronted in airports.
0	it's a good percentage on each side.
0	or were there attempts on his life?
0	what's the president been saying about that?
0	i could never ever again trust anything.
0	she did for a long time yes.
0	no i was never beaten or shot.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	now most undergraduates will have to pay.
0	people are looking at this very closely.
0	i have an answer to that question.
0	so this has been a partisan football.
0	this is when the beast takes over.
0	i break the bad news to you.
0	this was just of course made up.
0	but the issues are really what matters.
0	yes alex this is a big one.
0	other than that it was pretty forgettable.
0	there'll be more after a short break.
0	he's an op-ed columnist at the post.
0	that was google's unsuccessful answer to facebook.
0	and they gave us a free press.
0	winston elliott helped train the young recruits.
0	you haven't been called alcestis have you?
0	and charlie is with us from milwaukee.
0	everyone is working on a different assignment.
0	i'm here all the time every day.
0	you can just keep it for free.
0	well it's a very complex presidential election.
0	well interestingly i find it very touching.
0	this is actually the israeli state database.
0	on robin island it was single cells.
0	it's too much power for some people.
0	there are two americans among these seven.
0	this week microsoft will try to regroup.
0	windows is the backbone product of microsoft.
0	boring the poison pill of reality tv.
0	dr. george bussey is healthone's medical director.
0	so what are we talking about here?
0	why should we do foreign direct investment?
0	so they need to launch in   daylight.
0	i'm not sure how to answer that.
0	on thursdays we read from your e-mail.
0	and i don't regret going there actually.
0	it depends on how you define amnesty.
0	and that experts say is a problem.
0	it's a no-talk bus tour i guess.
0	you'd see the very worst of behavior.
0	some officials expected the city to contract.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	they didn't want to talk to her.
0	they are presumably watching with great interest.
0	unexpected household expenses are always cropping up.
0	and meanwhile there are real human consequences.
0	dahlia you want to comment on that?
0	how bad does it have to be?
0	and he really had still no money.
0	day to day returns in a moment.
0	and democrats are calling his policies immoral.
0	it's certainly a good place to begin.
0	you're on talk of the nation tim.
0	this is the golden age of robots.
0	and act four 1,000 women become selena.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	he got the academy award for that.
0	hey can i get some of that?
0	jeff thanks very much for the call.
0	but i didn't do it of course.
0	which blomquist says was very artistically arranged.
0	he also didn't know where she was.
0	quincy troupe co-authored miles davis' autobiography miles.
0	so she said to heck with it.
0	here's a bit of what he said.
0	it was kind of a secret mission.
0	and to tell you we love you.
0	so what's it like by the riverside?
0	okay i'm going to open the chest.
0	and but ultimately i rolled the dice.
0	but chris valasek says it's not impossible.
0	right now the jury is still out.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	and the wall came down crashing down.
0	so i thought they looked pretty hip.
0	the embassy is secured by private contractors.
0	he brought his wife and nine children.
0	and that's not the case at all.
0	and it's like all these people dying.
0	my children my grandchildren were there too.
0	i know i'm one to talk here.
0	you don't have to talk to them.
0	well you know i see trees around.
0	but jamie's plight generated lots of publicity.
0	it's a little different from the others.
0	she didn't bother to look at me.
0	i was on the first helicopter in.
0	and they've been married for two years.
0	the virginia supreme court agreed with them.
0	his last column will appear   december 26th.
0	barrio is the name for a place.
0	they built this ride in the 1950s.
0	i disagree because i know the party.
0	would you consider supporting him as president?
0	tiger woods may live down his disgrace.
0	you know you're going to get there.
0	they're going to see their premiums increase.
0	muhammad talked about his children every day.
0	the house was dirty and flea ridden.
0	an alarming announcement today from north korea.
0	and i don't think that that's true.
0	mr. hook welcome back to the program.
0	and so began her journey into chocolate.
0	e.j. david thanks to both of you.
0	idella moore is the founder of 4era.
0	he says his three sons did survive.
0	tell us a little more about that.
0	and it just doesn't   work that way.
0	yeah the hispanic vote here is huge.
0	it's a question of when not if.
0	he hasn't responded to what i said.
0	i think you   both for joining us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	none of the point guards was producing.
0	sound mental health and hygienic and clean.
0	and it was a pretty arduous trek.
0	and adkins hopes wyoming will be next.
0	he said they never asked to come.
0	what are you hearing from your customers?
0	we're not out of the cold yet.
0	you will get targeted by white nationalists.
0	and finally jeffrey this is my question.
0	so these are really staggering alarming statistics.
0	so he does make a strong case.
0	ok will what's up for next week?
0	did you have to work at it?
0	what was the essence of that report?
0	i do think the pioneers deserve credit.
0	it was a long long arduous drive.
0	it's nothing that we've been seen before.
0	bob is not exactly your typical patient.
0	now you are referring to sabrina harman?
0	without pharmaceutical manufacturers there'll be no medicines.
0	this project did not meet its objectives.
0	i'm the son of a naval officer.
0	obviously the parallel is not exact here.
0	because inflation is going to bite you.
0	you know what memories do they carry?
0	there have been bigger programs than this.
0	let's talk about these negotiations in egypt.
0	senator mccain will have his own problems.
0	when does a detective call it quits?
0	i think we need to think long-term.
0	now you're dealing with preparations for maria.
0	nobody had seen them for many years.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	i'd be happy but i'd be surprised.
0	this collection of holy relics numbered 19,013.
0	i think she thinks it's gone badly.
0	but the press also can't claim infallibility.
0	it's difficult because i'm what they have.
0	that's not what the science tells us.
0	who is this hero you may ask?
0	i knew i had some white beans.
0	nascar is wildly popular as it is.
0	and i just knew i was ready.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	climate was an issue that went unmentioned.
0	and the fight is continuing even today.
0	my mom is a really strong person.
0	most awareness songs are always quiet songs.
0	i assume that's a rare extreme situation.
0	tom is with us from denver colorado.
0	they were red and now they're competitive.
0	that way we can have more closure.
0	microprocessors are the brains of a computer.
0	ali pahlavan welcome to day to day.
0	is that who it is in louisville?
0	it's as if this girl never existed.
0	to be blunt about it rampant sexism.
0	the alleged hacker is 28-year-old phillip durachinsky.
0	i put that question to todd harrison.
0	now you know that's not npr-approved right?
0	and he was a very strong personality.
0	thanks so much for your time senator.
0	well you could still do that today.
0	and they didn't want to see that.
0	but they'll just give up you know.
0	that is a involved in the case.
0	so we have had a rough month.
0	we didn't have all the dog bites.
0	his father kim jong il for 17.
0	so now donald suddenly had $400 million.
0	and i think parents know that intrinsically.
0	here he is translated on france 24.
0	and there's a little sadness to that.
0	that's senator lamar alexander republican of tennessee.
0	we'll leave the knight studio go downstairs.
0	but it's also a deadly addictive drug.
0	good to have you with us today.
0	it is very difficult to do that.
0	karen grigsby bates npr news los angeles.
0	but that's the way it's being portrayed.
0	time now for our regular music feature.
0	and it's gotten even crazier from there.
0	he's really the government's top flu specialist.
0	does it matter what we call them?
0	president trump has called these war games.
0	i grew up i'm a baby boomer.
0	no word yet on this year's location.
0	he said he could hear you flinch.
0	and you can also join the conversation.
0	and i would agree with that too.
0	did you make any resolutions for 2009?
0	this is the approach jessica slattery's taken.
0	from member station kalw pauline bartolone reports.
0	two avalanches happened there over christmas break.
0	i don't know see any great changes.
0	that baby i believe would choose life.
0	oh well that's what you get beth.
0	and we know the state has money.
0	jane welcome to talk of the nation.
0	so we started a promotion from them.
0	magic fingers makes you feel all right.
0	she joins us by phone from atlanta.
0	i thought it was a fabulous movie.
0	well that is a very interesting subject.
0	who did sin he or his parents?
0	take google profits there up 69 percent.
0	but apparently she is hesitating richard knox.
0	ron kruszewski is chairman of stifel financial.
0	it's most of the iranians are released.
0	i think you guys are excellent analysts.
0	but we'll enjoy it while it lasts.
0	people here know the world is watching.
0	the reason mcconnell said later is simple.
0	and thanks very much for coming in.
0	you can visit our blog at npr.
0	are you going to have to expand?
0	it's one of several reports like that.
0	so let's talk about the specific vacancies.
0	and so i started doing some analysis.
0	npr's business news starts with telecom tactics.
0	and i've stuck with them ever since.
0	on this tuesday morning here she is.
0	and you know it's a good number.
0	here's what those percentages mean in practice.
0	the wet bar became our junk drawer.
0	from npr news i am andrea seabrook.
0	i mean you couldn't believe the faces.
0	justin trudeau is new to the club.
0	you're lifting 900,000 people out of poverty.
0	and then there was the disrespecting chauvinist.
0	three hundred telephone calls he has made.
0	this guy is promising to sell submarines.
0	to be sure his bragging is boundless.
0	it was a good line anyway yeah.
0	well ceos aren't the only ones winning.
0	it didn't get much coverage this hearing.
0	i'm going to tell my friend something.
0	here's npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg.
0	eugene is pretty much track town capital.
0	that's npr's national security correspondent greg myre.
0	in fact he was shot and wounded.
0	they're taking themselves a little too seriously.
0	he had clients who paid big retainers.
0	there is the impact of new technologies.
0	yeah i think that's a legitimate question.
0	the repair process won't happen for weeks.
0	well we i guess we like ceremonies.
0	certainly you ask for one new one.
0	the telephone networks would have been destroyed.
0	and then he was like my editor.
0	this is dasha another 19-year-old from ukraine.
0	that's melanie mcfarland of the seattle post-intelligencer.
0	they're always wanting you to better yourself.
0	ok will what's up for next week?
0	but it was too little too late.
0	they were all bringing along their children.
0	it's not just in the middle east.
0	but with only two it won't happen.
0	i mean you're the winner this week.
0	do you think that's a good description?
0	we wish him luck on that one.
0	they do their class work and more.
0	they're parts of a marine expeditionary unit.
0	thousands of people are arriving every day.
0	so the availability hasn't been as great.
0	do you see donald trump doing it?
0	they were four million dollars in debt.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	from tel aviv npr's eric westervelt reports.
0	so that's the sort of political rationale.
0	these have been longtime goals for republicans.
0	she seemed to be looking far off.
0	you know those are the only two.
0	and i told her they were gone.
0	richard thanks very much for coming in.
0	she should have been a huge star.
0	is this going to make a difference?
0	he's a senior editor of fortune magazine.
0	he never forgot a name you know.
0	now the sex education is also important.
0	a drug dealer tried to kill him.
0	she may need insulin and   heart medication.
0	their   children feel lost in the schools.
0	and do you think it was significant?
0	so he went out and raised money.
0	they're still targeting mid-august for their completion.
0	it just sort of made me laugh.
0	back in the old saddam hussein regime.
0	i remember the ritual of taking tea.
0	the other case i'm not familiar with.
0	and there is an assembly plant outside.
0	his punishment i have it right here.
0	now when is that going to happen?
0	william thank you very much for calling.
0	he had no patience for that apparently.
0	and they were afraid to go outside.
0	europe is becoming a very diverse place.
0	you might have a sore back later.
0	my brother presses him for more information.
0	what does it mean for the u.s.?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	she's ceo of a company called cataphora.
0	he was just fun to be around.
0	and we just kind of continued it.
0	your mom was a classic field anthropologist.
0	and then we'd go across the street.
0	deborah becker of member station wbur reports.
0	in boston there are many back roads.
0	after all they hadn't kissed or anything.
0	there's one of me in my office.
0	it's i guess akin to being knighted.
0	he ran volvo jaguar land rover mazda.
0	there was a move to do that.
0	how did all of this get started?
0	since then hourly wages have nearly doubled.
0	when did you first read that sara?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and honestly you cannot do both things.
0	and that was the most incredible thing.
0	how much longer will this bag last?
0	you can see ron paul's big ears.
0	the cw is actually a broadcast network.
0	what makes this different in your view?
0	you can observe paper ballots being counted.
0	these have been documented by western reporters.
0	but my dad has the classic 911.
0	if i can interrupt you one second.
0	and that is it's all about choices.
0	so i can't wait to see that.
0	but human sources are always the best.
0	no we could not find it anywhere.
0	she was surprised at her own reaction.
0	an answer isn't expected before next week.
0	well good luck to you dr. relman.
0	where do we go from here mary?
0	i didn't want to appear like that.
0	so i said no it wasn't easy.
0	she had to endure polio scarlet fever.
0	they all live together in a dorm.
0	you have reached talk of the nation.
0	some congregation may have more single parenting.
0	well they get a little more compressed.
0	so i said oh what the hell?
0	and i said the man not guilty.
0	another key white house adviser is resigning.
0	what's the status of a flu vaccine?
0	the actual machine is not very big.
0	we want listeners involved in this conversation.
0	but others say hold on a second.
0	right now the state's not doing that.
0	a cloud hangs over the american economy.
0	then he remembered his nest security camera.
0	but much of that is gone today.
0	welcome back to the program steve flynn.
0	and you've done the same with me.
0	it would be like bumblebees going by.
0	so it doesn't necessarily mean they're married.
0	some people prefer to work specific shifts.
0	i flew commercially for almost 25 years.
0	and it was days in the studio.
0	i caught michelle doing the same thing.
0	so they can go canoeing go hiking.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	yes indeed with you know very seriously.
0	from ken's perspective the facts were these.
0	and he was nice enough with me.
0	you know there's people that are angry.
0	we need more enforcement at the border.
0	what's the how much can you bet?
0	meanwhile the chicken just sits and waits.
0	that's what this protected area is doing.
0	and the track record has been abysmal.
0	mary we appreciate you taking the time.
0	and there's a word for this: insolvent.
0	you have to be able to compartmentalize.
0	so that's where the panic came from?
0	willow also guest blogged for us today.
0	and how do they respond to it?
0	look up dr. john trump at mit.
0	air force air commandos offer different assets.
0	it's like taking the toy out of.
0	justin's on the line with us from.
0	and click on talk of the nation.
0	and i'm not getting anything coming in.
0	and one of them is randy fertel.
0	it's definitely a stress relief for him.
0	sells itself just like a big squid.
0	tina brown is with us once again.
0	i have been inside that building yes.
0	she tells us what she's been reading.
0	megan is with us from oakland california.
0	y'all was in line after these people.
0	and i said mom it's not sad.
0	are you going to be really creative?
0	david schaper npr news in madison wisconsin.
0	i think i said something like hi.
0	so what does this   mean dr. walters?
0	and she would i don't know what.
0	marc was at our new york studios.
0	number one hobbes' friend in the comics.
0	so explain what a red team is.
0	well they're as concerned as i am.
0	brett thanks very much for the call.
0	i mean he's promised many more revelations.
0	and we're talking about america as equals.
0	she's on the line from new orleans.
0	and the conversation does not stop there.
0	greg's experience i suspect may be unique.
0	here's another e-mail we gotthis from colby.
0	and while they didn't quite become friends.
0	so it's a full range right now.
0	we routinely used curveball questions in interviews.
0	that's democrat heath shuler of north carolina.
0	and good luck with your grades james.
0	kevin thanks very much for the call.
0	i think it had a huge effect.
0	so i know exactly how that'll work.
0	we're going to take a call now.
0	this time its very different says blankley.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	so we don't know why the whistleblower.
0	we were not trained to load ammunition.
0	and i'm not proud to say that.
0	i have been very happy about it.
0	i was 8-years-old when my father died.
0	for example like i have four children.
0	this is an example of pure opportunism.
0	in the whole city of boston right?
0	to raise the gdp by $1 trillion.
0	there was more violence elsewhere in iraq.
0	here's how the us government usually behaves.
0	that's the biggest increase in three years.
0	we regulate any stealing of his property.
0	so where has this left georgia residents?
0	it was kind of a dramatic morning.
0	every search inquiry going back 18 months.
0	they just know a profile of you.
0	he called yesterday's resolution fair and forward-leaning.
0	and they would oppose anything like that?
0	and he said no he talks funny.
0	so we sat down on the couch.
0	it would die of carbon monoxide poisoning.
0	and that's what i love about them.
0	so still a lot left to unfold.
0	you have to deal with it directly.
0	i mean just step outside and   listen.
0	because once you see it you know.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	can you quantify any of this then?
0	let's make that clear at the beginning.
0	what happened to the problem with that?
0	i used to work on emerging economies.
0	there is no stamp on my passport.
0	and i said well what's going on?
0	and i said this is the truth.
0	npr's julie mccarthy is in hong kong.
0	in arab it is called a slave.
0	why are they leaving all at once?
0	sestak says the missed votes weren't important.
0	josh eidelson labor reporter for bloomberg news.
0	congressman i take my integrity very seriously.
0	he bought this team several years ago.
0	clearly the biggest problem is in mexico.
0	and thank you both for joining us.
0	today things don't seem quite that dire.
0	it was all mixed together every night.
0	all right congressman thank you very much.
0	this was a watch we were repairing.
0	today the man is worth $38 billion.
0	dr. relman can you replenish it yourself?
0	four years ago he told his parents.
0	no. you're what they call sweating bullets.
0	now it's mainly a symbolic gesture scott.
0	you don't know any of these numbers.
0	did he grovel sufficiently do you think?
0	did you know there were keynesians around?
0	he doesn't support barack obama's stimulus plan.
0	first nature has already done the experiment.
0	andrew rasiej founder and publisher of techpresident.
0	why did x-men come into your mind?
0	oh they think this is absolutely bizarre.
0	what are we to make of that?
0	markets around the world continue to fall.
0	well he wasn't very good in math.
0	how is this this is a theft.
0	ken thanks as always for your time.
0	nice to have you back with us.
0	you've got a lot of subsistence farmers.
0	he just reminds too much of bush.
0	i'm just not going to do it.
0	first congratulations on surviving another up-and-down week.
0	he actually invited me into his home.
0	solitary drains you your speech your thought.
0	they can't do that again this year.
0	what kind of cases have you seen?
0	you can find all that at npr.
0	i think rhea got it about right.
0	probably just the way she said it.
0	no i was the one laughing second.
0	i can access it from my phone.
0	jim thanks very much for the call.
0	but this was a very emotional moment.
0	meantime democrats are opposed to this plan.
0	you have 135 reports of side effects.
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	rick i represent 877 members of aorbs.
0	former san diego district attorney paul pfingst.
0	that report from martha bebinger in boston.
0	it cost $250 just for one night.
0	they're aware of the potential catastrophic downsides.
0	worst case scenario really isn't worst case.
0	well why would what's it like there?
0	animal rights groups are applauding the move.
0	gee that sounds pretty good you know?
0	tell me how bat doctors do this.
0	two of merrill's brothers took huge hits.
0	i wish you could keep your job.
0	and you have folks showing up here.
0	how do you come to that conclusion?
0	i don't know how young i am.
0	tell us please about sarah bernhardt's handkerchief.
0	fred with us from livermore in california.
0	emily thanks for being with us   again.
0	eric was leaving china in two weeks.
0	i want you to come back please.
0	mark you're trying to get in there.
0	oh i have a lot of sympathy.
0	or you wrote it with your staff?
0	do you know how hard it is?
0	he's a record producer a studio rat.
0	because they know how hard it is.
0	and how did he deal with it?
0	so i had all that nice preparation.
0	what a pleasure to talk to you.
0	and nobody was there to help her.
0	you get to decide who's in office.
0	it was a move he always regretted.
0	rob with us from saint gabriel louisiana.
0	each shell tells a story to me.
0	yeah well think there's something to that.
0	they're concerned about congestion on the roads.
0	and that's what happened with these guys.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	there were several people nominated for president.
0	and how did you land this job?
0	well if you want to try it.
0	actually i listened to mr. meader's record.
0	tell me how we can describe you.
0	did he do it in his office?
0	it breaks through 50% in the '80s.
0	and get it passed year after year.
0	you know he's very good at it.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	right now this   woman has the floor.
0	can you jump in on the mike?
0	i'm not sure that's actually true but.
0	thanks very much for coming in today.
0	we aren't even at that stage yet.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	i was putting the jargon alert out.
0	i've not seen a for sale sign.
0	you can see that there's kids there.
0	you know ari it was really interesting.
0	today amazon unveiled the new kindle fire.
0	the business pitch at the diner worked.
0	certainly there is some treatment with antibiotics.
0	there's a clear trend in that direction.
0	the deeds do not match the words.
0	so it's something that we've been discussing.
0	you got to move forward and everything.
0	all over the country i see change.
0	this is baheera calling from campbell california.
0	the houses were so different from ours.
0	so they want to be very conservative.
0	this particular gentleman would pawn a guitar.
0	he's well translated obviously and well distributed.
0	how much did you want to borrow?
0	and thank you for taking my call.
0	but he was still shot four times.
0	it's not a protest against the census.
0	how did history feel from the inside?
0	you might have heard about khadr's case.
0	well let's talk about that china connection.
0	i think there are 29   countries competing.
0	we were in a fairly small boat.
0	well thanks much for you call cindy.
0	but he should get used to it.
0	it's the proverbial calm before the   storm.
0	hoping   you're all having a good friday.
0	they want their occupation to be endless.
0	we're walking down into the centrifuge chamber.
0	that's where we found the show's creators.
0	i think that both things are important.
0	i've been singing this all day now.
0	lopez obrador has a completely different strategy.
0	it was a pleasure to be here.
0	he is upset with netanyahu's corruption scandals.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	the show airs on the iqraa channel.
0	they're saying some 100 insurgents were   killed.
0	lately detroit has had some positive headlines.
0	they had a very sophisticated banking system.
0	i don't mind being friends with them.
0	these things are being put in place.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	an historic transition is underway in cuba.
0	but congress is not tackling those issues.
0	that's more up your line colleen fitzpatrick.
0	but they're also battling here in america.
0	well i know everybody's thinking: why philadelphia?
0	sierra schwartz went to school with him.
0	well we know that you'll be watching.
0	it unleashed it in all its fury.
0	he had a sparkle in his eye.
0	so that's   what i want to do.
0	i think it was it's a glioblastoma.
0	she says a chevron facility flooded too.
0	he said his back hurt so bad.
0	the verdicts were delivered on live television.
0	only it wasn't just a broken rib.
0	and he was dying at that point.
0	it feels like the whole thing's unraveling.
0	and i naturally go in each day.
0	there's more to guantanamo than just guantanamo.
0	it's time now for our africa update.
0	thank you so much for coming tonight.
0	and it's a week-long sales journey here.
0	nicki let me ask you this question.
0	the price raised $0.31 for no reason.
0	but i've got to tell you something.
0	after that his memory is pretty fuzzy.
0	that was the extent of my fathering.
0	his supervisor she says ignored her complaints.
0	i think what obama achieved is exciting.
0	for the rest it's up to me.
0	my goal was to tell their stories.
0	there's a whole of experiences like this.
0	this is what makes me a man.
0	help us understand where it is now.
0	many of my customers are repeat customers.
0	and i saw my neighbor in there.
0	people come to me they need money.
0	i think we'd like to hear that.
0	sometimes the president describes them that way.
0	i'm sorry we've run out of time.
0	but lanae erickson has some alternative advice.
0	maybe i can get that jogger out.
0	i'm going to name some more categories.
0	and then there's paul wolfowitz's old boss.
0	why are they removing these dams anyway?
0	there were riots in one milwaukee neighborhood.
0	oh my god what do i do?
0	antonio thanks so much for the call.
0	also scratching their collective heads insurance companies.
0	and these neighborhoods have meaning to them.
0	oh god that will make you puke.
0	they just can't get it together scott.
0	you've worked under so many batons now.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	number one they've got tons of property.
0	and that has to be answered candidly.
0	and they stopped short of their nest.
0	however he's still leading in national polls.
0	green's novel came out two years ago.
0	play for bay st. louis and waveland.
0	but it is a deeply interesting question.
0	the law does not apply to them.
0	really i feel like- it sounds crazy.
0	he's playing the triangle in the band.
0	this is science friday i'm ira flatow.
0	why did it not want to change?
0	and i made a lot of money.
0	i think he's in denial about it.
0	i've been on both ends of it.
0	you could compare everybody else to them.
0	we do not fall into that category.
0	so you have to be extra careful.
0	and that money spreadsheet it saved her.
0	she can completely understand miss pauline's frustration.
0	it was unclear who had the majority.
0	well over 9,000 of them have ph.
0	jerry can i ask you a question?
0	scientists aren't out pursuing a political agenda.
0	what's going on on the republican side?
0	what about a semi-solid say jello mold?
0	especially tied to that tree again now.
0	and he said he didn't make it.
0	we have mosquitoes that bite you constantly.
0	it's where the united states really begins.
0	and what did you want to say?
0	activists took over government buildings on sunday.
0	and this was a hugely controversial move.
0	where would we be without the sequester?
0	john yob fields a slate of delegates.
0	ah well i'm sorry to hear that.
0	so some news about upcoming election years.
0	i was shell-shocked and i was sick.
0	on the train ride here i think.
0	i'm just picking out a number though.
0	captain nick cooke-priest was at the helm.
0	watching all of this is paul johnson.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	and he just don't like an alias.
0	let's go back to the '80s again.
0	the mexican fans didn't go too quietly.
0	go in the house with a flashlight.
0	he got behind on his gas bill.
0	and they require specialized medical assistance there.
0	are you still truly important you know?
0	how did she do that on stage?
0	he just decided to be defense contractor.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	trips to washington meetings with congress members.
0	but what if the opposite proves true?
0	carrie should have considered nose hair trimmer.
0	that of course is a fictional drama.
0	and good knows we've all done it.
0	she kept me out of an institution.
0	his colleagues may take some convincing though.
0	they run it as god knows what.
0	there are laws you know against it.
0	is that going to be the case?
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	so this is an enormously important topic.
0	to make   black america visible to itself.
0	he was charged with abetting criminal activity.
0	and we fell in love with it.
0	and they drove the prices up absurdly.
0	the pope overturned this by the way.
0	i understand you wrote him a letter.
0	this is jim in st. louis missouri.
0	peggy hamburg's 53 according to her bio.
0	maybe it's somebody who was a speechwriter.
0	there is some truth behind the legends.
0	don't tell me because i just knew.
0	it's like what is going on here?
0	hi how are you doing good afternoon.
0	it's weight gain hair loss we're even.
0	thanks very much for the call caroline.
0	so people would go up the bridge.
0	yeah i mean that's the big problem.
0	what i thought was are they serious?
0	did you face that at all or.
0	i think victoria martin can do anything.
0	both sides have taken some confidence-building steps.
0	what exactly went on at the embassy?
0	yeah he say they in the area.
0	so i think there's a pattern here.
0	i mean it has to mean something.
0	i know you've been here 17 days.
0	always good to talk to you robert.
0	and what kind of institution was this?
0	this guy's had a long political career.
0	the company had some good news today.
0	it is something i never dreamed of.
0	oh no. that is that's thyme or.
0	i'm the mayor of city of yuma.
0	and we're now joined by kingsley jones.
0	yoriko will be our first asian-american mayor.
0	and the high court reconsiders campaign finance.
0	democrats of course see brett kavanaugh differently.
0	our first child was born in march.
0	are you the parent of a tween?
0	we have sun and they have snow.
0	let's talk about the assault weapons ban.
0	birkemeier's wife nancy does the farm's books.
0	he got better in just a day.
0	jennifer's had problems finding a place too.
0	we seemed really far from the astrodome.
0	just down the street here in washington.
0	you really had to have the apples.
0	i'm going to fight for it though.
0	today they say we can go home.
0	donald trump can't like that very much.
0	and you think that was on purpose?
0	she researches trauma at northeastern illinois university.
0	and then he gets offered this challenge.
0	okay you're doing a little contract today.
0	one thing they don't lack is guns.
0	john let me give you an example.
0	but forshaw admits that horses aren't cheap.
0	there's three going on right about now.
0	it can be dangerous for the republic.
0	i mean you know currently we're down.
0	it had information from several months ago.
0	that is npr science reporter rebecca hersher.
0	it's the foundation of what's going on.
0	he used to play on a team.
0	let's go to dan in coopersburg pennsylvania.
0	and i sleep on one little spot.
0	millie jackson calls herself a country girl.
0	npr's camila domonoske thank you so much.
0	thank very much for being with us.
0	i should finally get my full citizenship.
0	i always pay taxes to the government.
0	but i think the choice is that.
0	i can only give you cliches neal.
0	it's available on the internet at artsengine.
0	and then you discovered wheelchair rugby murderball.
0	where has he been all this time?
0	he was in washington at the time.
0	david i'm going to begin with you.
0	i mean some people believe in rapture.
0	do you know of what he speaks?
0	well gm owes bondholders about $27 billion.
0	and so this is where they stand.
0	but you could see the her backside.
0	talks up up his private sector prowess.
0	michael thanks very much of the call.
0	i'm not sure i like that phrase.
0	not so much oh vous etes americaine!
0	you know they have a kind-of-go-away-kid-you-bother-me attitude.
0	julia pimsleur and her brother marc pimsleur.
0	it's going to be hard to adapt.
0	do you think he makes his bed?
0	but however we are indebted very much.
0	we'll get the carpet out of here.
0	extreme cases yes but it could happen.
0	she was ethereal somehow above normal courtship.
0	she also writes for the associated press.
0	the word repudiate is in the book.
0	there is an   emergency in niger now.
0	american girl place knows what girls want.
0	and what's ahead for the president today?
0	but we are moving towards this point.
0	he's combining so many different stylistic elements.
0	so this is like the curiosity phase.
0	and randy says wait a minute guys.
0	i brought my ibuprofen to the hospital.
0	you're really stuck on this spirit thing.
0	they have unveiled new unbreakable beer glasses.
0	they take me out of the truck.
0	those two words can be very charged.
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	you can't mop up an entire clan.
0	no the dog is the republican senators.
0	for the men it was sage kotsenburg.
0	oops i have to start over again.
0	he's got plans to fix the basement.
0	what does president trump say about that?
0	it's like the old proverb he says.
0	like this was not on my radar.
0	lots of different ways to do that.
0	he's been dealing with a bad ankle.
0	in that race i'm supporting jeff flake.
0	i think there's a really good chance.
0	what will we do with powerful people?
0	gene kern feels lucky in one way.
0	how important is this election to egyptians?
0	did you have that kind of feeling?
0	we've got an inventor on the line.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	good ideas are a dime a dozen.
0	but this isn't just any baseball card.
0	he spoke to us from his home.
0	i mean eldridge cleaver of 1968 yeah.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	or are they going to say ah-ha!
0	he had lightening in a bottle really.
0	it's the protesters that are the problem.
0	this is a bit of a gamble.
0	i slipped into the water tower mall.
0	do we know what the target was?
0	and we have always been good friends.
0	and we blockaded that nuclear power plant.
0	the judge heard all of the evidence.
0	and then they have one other argument.
0	i'm just like what else you know?
0	roger callahan of course dismisses this explanation.
0	npr's david welna reports from the   capitol.
0	but the town isn't quite ready yet.
0	yeah it was almost like a showstopper.
0	one of the bigger items is clothing.
0	greg thanks very much for the call.
0	growing up he'd visit israel every summer.
0	this is on that game you know?
0	many of them still support president trump.
0	jane thanks very much for the call.
0	and then there's their obsession with pictures.
0	they're not going to give this up.
0	well i think women's anger is unacceptable.
0	gina in kansas city has an idea.
0	i like the way ricky martin moves.
0	always in the library fighting their case.
0	no no it's a congress of accomplishment.
0	we were looking at iraq of course.
0	npr's adam hochberg in raleigh north carolina.
0	now a politician volunteering to pay voters.
0	they finished nine games behind the yankees.
0	a transgender woman is a transgender woman.
0	but philip fradkin let me ask you.
0	so that's the local and national legacy.
0	and the kids just eat it up.
0	can't imagine where that's gone away to.
0	this was the kitchen of the owner.
0	take former pennsylvania senator arlen specter please.
0	flip-flop is leftover from john kerry's campaign.
0	i wanted to make two quick comments.
0	and this waiter's kind of a cut-up.
0	it was a very gritty industrial city.
0	it can't be the basis for everything.
0	being highly literal gets you into trouble.
0	so again something with a two-word name.
0	so that's you know that's something new.
0	the answer is by being more involved.
0	but this takes governments to sort out.
0	all right there you have it rachel.
0	her poster's on people's walls in jail.
0	ma's says his green card is expired.
0	but it was shocking in this country.
0	mating penguins usually stay together for years.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	i grew up on the east coast.
0	and which is true that did happen.
0	and it sounds like you're among them.
0	if i was only 20 years younger.
0	i don't know what you're talking about.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	this is what we did in mali.
0	it's more affectionate than that more glamorous.
0	emily saliers is the lead singer here.
0	but it was insulting in a sense.
0	i just like the old sword swinging.
0	thanks very much for the call steve.
0	during the first day kim was unsmiling.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	so those are all big big things.
0	but you know it's an ongoing journey.
0	yeah it's good to be back rebecca.
0	he was immediately easy to relate to.
0	but now the salton sea is shrinking.
0	we are overdue for a big earthquake.
0	so this these hearings are happening right?
0	hello darling is a small lobster boat.
0	george you have air conditioning in here.
0	i can concentrate on what's going on.
0	well we're going to the caffe trieste.
0	we have 57 seats in the senate.
0	and please who are phyllis and ada?
0	if we reported it it's a fact.
0	richard klug represented one of the accused.
0	i'm 19 and i voted in michigan.
0	this time the marines say it's different.
0	do they always have to be biographical?
0	then she got to kelly's two bosses.
0	and outside they were armed with guns.
0	this is npr's fbi correspondent dina temple-raston.
0	so are there islamists in the opposition?
0	this house is massive by moving standards.
0	and we're going to miss him terribly.
0	tell us what is the latest today?
0	her boyfriend was a new jersey cop.
0	how can you guarantee that to me?
0	is it the plain old hamburger   or.
0	this south by southwest thing forget that.
0	she's the doyenne of the daily beast.
0	he came down with a strange illness.
0	it's the frontier between colombia and venezuela.
0	so we serve a very important purpose.
0	i talked right in front of you.
0	there's also an association with ovarian cancer.
0	did they eat somewhere four to five?
0	rongley stayed in india for five years.
0	it wasn't the science that was   evil.
0	we wanted to talk more about options.
0	and he just brushes that question off.
0	what kind of a person are you?
0	or maybe recognize strangers we don't know?
0	is that the name of the song?
0	that's overwhelmingly distracting for the chinese government.
0	all right let's give it a go.
0	what would he do in the day?
0	she doesn't write my name on it.
0	is chertoff   well-known in homeland security circles?
0	oh like where you are on the.
0	and my parents think i'm a retard.
0	we also want some help   from you.
0	it's a thousand percent better she says.
0	so john celebrity activism is nothing new.
0	i think it's also noteworthy to mention.
0	we'll   continue our totn summer movie series.
0	as usual he's nowhere to be seen.
0	well i think it was chris evert.
0	did santa come and fill your stocking?
0	i think of bad thoughts that time.
0	and it's time for all tech considered.
0	fort myers is a sprawling suburban city.
0	david greene npr news the white house.
0	this is special coverage from npr news.
0	you're forced to know in those environments.
0	i wish i could answer the question.
0	my hands were still full of dirt.
0	yeah this study was done on children.
0	sylvia earle you were shaking your head.
0	here's a tough question for france's leaders.
0	thanks for playing the puzzle with us.
0	he should be ashamed of himself frankly.
0	i love your show by the way.
0	without the ocean there is no us.
0	how is the economic situation affecting them?
0	susan tebben of member station woub explains.
0	they're at the bottom of the list.
0	and they talk about it a lot.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i said hey where are you from?
0	so i sort of am at work.
0	japan's main index plunged nearly 10 percent.
0	he's also a three-time academy award winner.
0	it is always a series of compromises.
0	you know should we   have saved more?
0	i wanted to be a football player.
0	well let's just underscore our point here.
0	and now you're going up up up.
0	bill clinton's annual philanthropic summit begins tomorrow.
0	like most educated luxembourgers she speaks french.
0	hence the name of the vote brexit.
0	she could only resurrect the cute dead.
0	so everybody is part of the solution.
0	i mean these are important big things.
0	now you played baseball in high school?
0	we have thought a lot about this.
0	and fishermen are part of the solution.
0	and it's never been the republican party.
0	it's this american life i'm ira glass.
0	today's program pulling a hoax on yourself.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and they would be very much amazed.
0	this is why they are staying here.
0	but meanwhile we were in the suburbs.
0	what about food and other necessities medicine?
0	wages are going to have to change.
0	maybe not be such an impossible dream.
0	i'm on my way home to bed.
0	and i said well i brought photos.
0	people are running out of the building.
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	and at last we're all in accord.
0	she joined us here in the studio.
0	there's no way to keep this up.
0	this is a huge area for opium.
0	the judgment of the tribunal was final.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it's like inviting myself into someone's house.
0	moral concerns about what they were doing.
0	and that really can be a problem.
0	and these places are heaven on earth.
0	or for programs that are more successful.
0	louisiana state officials say they will investigate.
0	you're working and you're paying day care.
0	are you retired are you still working?
0	okay and final details still to come.
0	fife symington left because of corruption charges.
0	a dead girl or a live boy.
0	i think i remember a white light.
0	oh boy it's a really hard one.
0	it's not something to be ashamed of.
0	he keeps fashion companies abreast of trends.
0	blanton was not found guilty of that.
0	we do skits and singing and poetry.
0	and it's not an altruistic thing either.
0	and lott won by a single vote.
0	and you know parents want to help.
0	it was quite a shock to me.
0	tell him about the girl in singapore.
0	i guess that means he'll sign it.
0	he describes what went wrong this way.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	you're obviously repressing those memories of abuse.
0	and it's key to helping those folks.
0	my other great-great grandfather was israel smith.
0	how long has he been over there?
0	i just wanted to make a comment.
0	and so   it's a very stressful environment.
0	so she's being blamed for getting pregnant.
0	would you be able to sustain that?
0	it was red with a black top.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	it was that kind of a thing.
0	so we need to incur this debt.
0	the price tag has not been set.
0	oh no. my brother ralph stays there.
0	but it is still unfortunate i guess.
0	we asked npr's john ydstie to explain.
0	most presidential candidates skipped this whole business.
0	that by email from stephanie in minnesota.
0	so i think we've had that conversation.
0	the white house has criticized the referendum.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	here's susan wood of george washington university.
0	i-95 has been around a long time.
0	it's time for the senate to act.
0	this is 1.4 pounds very very light.
0	well look it's always going to close.
0	i've gotten a real variety of questions.
0	she said where are you guys going?
0	he was with us from san diego.
0	it was a hot day in california.
0	you know all these things are true.
0	do you know what a spork is?
0	i cut my hair into a mohawk.
0	so this is really an extraordinary piece.
0	but that's changed over time i think.
0	and i blamed that on my mom.
0	you can read his blog at jamesfallows.
0	so that's certainly something we've already addressed.
0	but first the latest research on rape.
0	they are bad people they are extreme.
0	we need to help create a consequence.
0	so let me start with you jozen.
0	but she actually wrote over 60 books.
0	we have pet carriers for every pet.
0	i like to call this creative marginalization.
0	but preuss's success is now being questioned.
0	so you have to consider several decades.
0	and larry finally are there true believers?
0	and it was too much for him.
0	they didn't try to crash the program.
0	and ryan and i got to talking.
0	and that's exactly why he fascinated me.
0	oakland raiders baby this is our year.
0	they go in to the vatican library.
0	so you know that was slightly offensive.
0	well so how did it all work?
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	and this is barbara in medford oregon.
0	i'm going to answer it this way.
0	and and voters are treated like cattle.
0	was it frustration in the oedipal phase?
0	and this was extremely a big challenge.
0	i said do you believe in god?
0	we're also the world's most productive workers.
0	and that's the issues they're articulating about.
0	and you know this is another century.
0	we shower in the same exact showers.
0	and he's in our new york studios.
0	you transferred to dorm 22 at liberty.
0	it still hurts to think about it.
0	he's the man coordinating this entire effort.
0	break open your security pouch lucy corcoran.
0	anna thanks very much for the call.
0	so what do we know so far?
0	is this a mortgage backed security crisis?
0	we wish you the best of luck.
0	so i'm sitting at a cds desk.
0	and so far we're seeing great success.
0	in other words it can't be filibustered.
0	and she was looking at me more.
0	officials say the program has done that.
0	she joins us here in studio 3a.
0	it's a function of how you organize.
0	and mergers are another part of it.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	you got to think on your feet.
0	you know i   can't put them away.
0	and there's some sacrifices there as well.
0	well that's why this was so weird.
0	well he still has a great platform.
0	they wondered who's going to be next?
0	he is the elite of the elite.
0	we have to get that message out.
0	absolutely i mean that was the thing.
0	staff will focus on those with coverage.
0	it won't be over in two minutes.
0	he's come for carrie the christian girl.
0	this is where the explosion took place.
0	i said wow how beautiful is that?
0	oh they laugh and we feel good.
0	this looks like a serious candidacy here.
0	i mean race matters to this generation.
0	good to have you with us david.
0	is it superstition or is it science?
0	here's how it happened to beth rutherford.
0	just cut back and be more mindful.
0	we've actually made record investments in education.
0	and he basically says they don't count.
0	it's her first time away from home.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	it's like a love boat right now.
0	coal companies are doing well right now.
0	because you're not supposed to say it.
0	so for me it was a privilege.
0	it was a guy named chief womack.
0	it would solve one of our problems.
0	don thanks very much for the call.
0	isn't one scheduled to start next week?
0	and it'sdespite the administration's arguments there could.
0	it has nothing to do with sex.
0	virginia tech held its graduation last night.
0	she finds hande's air force background reassuring.
0	you know she's a really spectacular animal.
0	the other message was from my mother.
0	gee i don't think it's like that.
0	and they didn't value that particular secret.
0	now you picked out something for us.
0	i do an impersonation of chad everett.
0	i mean you live near the water.
0	hi would you like to be interviewed?
0	why are the civilians building themselves in?
0	they're just random people on the street.
0	she's an anchor with univision network news.
0	the economy now has hit 3 percent.
0	it all looked really festive and nice.
0	well it's that's a part of it.
0	again richard roach from the school board.
0	i've noticed that he averts his gaze.
0	how are we going to move forward?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he offered them a vote on drilling.
0	but i hope you enjoy the book.
0	do you and dad still knock boots?
0	her heart is essentially fluttering not beating.
0	i heard monday morning at about 7:23.
0	thank you very much and good morning.
0	the differences are between our presidents only.
0	more likely the latter than the former.
0	she's said to really understand the opportunity.
0	the last time you take a bath.
0	not too flaky at all she said.
0	so their head tends to fall forwards.
0	is   there one you can think of?
0	and in november another 10 percent drop.
0	what do you get out of this?
0	and you've got the issue completely politicized.
0	but it could very well be ira.
0	is it a big bird small bird?
0	he'd filled out a missing persons report.
0	he says because it includes more exceptions.
0	it's charged with overhauling california's prison system.
0	there's nothing positive about going to prison.
0	i think it's a little less split.
0	the current appropriation runs out next month.
0	i probably have to defer to him.
0	you were starting to say about dogs.
0	and lisa bonos is back with us.
0	doolin didn't tell anyone what had happened.
0	the money was the equivalent of $107,000.
0	what's the biggest change where you live?
0	college preschool getting into preschool is impossible.
0	the claims are for billions of dollars.
0	and jack's on the line from nashville.
0	i have to look at the music.
0	for now those projects can go ahead.
0	well you know it's kind of interesting.
0	that's what got me that good-looking guy.
0	his story was produced by amy dorn.
0	for us eating is practically a sport.
0	we need to help create a consequence.
0	couples do not go into porn trance.
0	he's with us now on the line.
0	do you know will they find you?
0	and do you know what they did?
0	you never want a truck breaking down.
0	it wasn't used to invest in things.
0	instead mike was hauled off to prison.
0	my view is that he's helped more.
0	well the leaflets are written in arabic.
0	inflation is at more than 6,000 percent.
0	well they chose not to patent it.
0	these telephone calls last barely a minute.
0	drew doolin says watching it he panicked.
0	finlay thanks very much for the call.
0	another listener rodney robinson couldn't disagree more.
0	i took him into the daycare center.
0	quickly barbara we're running out of time.
0	how do you do your market research?
0	i end the call and hang up.
0	i guess i'd like that explained more.
0	yeah i think it can be done.
0	i don't think it's important to me.
0	among his students is 11-year-old greta wolff.
0	many victims say their rapists outranked them.
0	ethan lindsey of oregon public broadcasting reports.
0	you've got to explain it to them.
0	i started to step again on earth.
0	there are two ways you do it.
0	well i like ron paul old veteran.
0	why do so many people have cancer?
0	i left in '68 after high school.
0	many   people in montgomery are in avoidance.
0	and then- how shall i put this?
0	what's your biggest concern come voting day?
0	it's taking a toll on specific communities.
0	i've been seeing what's happened with assange.
0	joe biden is a faucet of words.
0	that's hardly a consensus view among republicans.
0	but i never feel crushed by it.
0	all right let's talk about the work.
0	divert field we're working blue water ops.
0	now what do i have to do?
0	john told barbara to find someone else.
0	so that fell onto the master bedroom.
0	well hopefully we'll see that excitement tonight.
0	you know what i'm talking about here?
0	flash forward to a meeting last year.
0	and so they're trying to show that.
0	those hours were the only hours available.
0	i am very happy with the product.
0	i've had a lot of resistance though.
0	you hear the sadness in her life.
0	in 2000 my mother's heart suddenly stopped.
0	i think you look at the numbers.
0	he did a great job in fact.
0	let's first give credit where its due.
0	and he said no it's our guy.
0	and patrick's with us from north carolina.
0	you can find copies of it online.
0	e. ethelbert miller thank you so much.
0	she wasn't like shirley temple at all.
0	woody was his own kind of poet.
0	and his sayings are good as gold.
0	his best friend woody jordan brought him.
0	he like she was a regular here.
0	you know what i'm talking about here.
0	she's here in our new york studios.
0	joe thanks very much for the call.
0	i'm asking for respect for the process.
0	ina jaffe npr news near searchlight nevada.
0	yeah i wanted to thank you too.
0	he just went out and did it.
0	he says he is averting his eyes.
0	he's also joins us from that studio.
0	what's the biggest change where you live?
0	but then i used to hear blues.
0	but hopefully there will be many moments.
0	we want to hear from listeners today.
0	every minute of it is a job.
0	it's aimed at helping young black men.
0	so how do these trump rallies compare?
0	they're not growing up like their grandparents.
0	what have you told your daughter anything?
0	he may well lose his law license.
0	he says it's not really about fighting.
0	what happened in this first bombing   anyway?
0	after all he started at the top.
0	so there's an awful lot to digest.
0	not all threats come from crime bosses.
0	bob meadows staff writer with people magazine.
0	and now i've got a speaking role.
0	they want to give them the disciplines.
0	and we wait and wait and wait.
0	you're normally based here in los angeles.
0	and kind of you know like ha-ha-ha.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so it is history in the making.
0	standard oil had become this giant company.
0	because latino groups are very well dispersed.
0	phil tell us about this german satellite.
0	well i have a beautiful relationship now.
0	that would be a blockade a quarantine.
0	i mean their analysis of your metallurgy.
0	that is really hallowing out this work.
0	hi neal thanks for taking my call.
0	it'll always be etched in my mind.
0	and the horse is still doing well?
0	have a great first day of summer.
0	and how common is this right now?
0	and unfortunately that didn't make him immortal.
0	what do we know about their roles?
0	this is the shakespeare in the park.
0	is that the technical phrase for it?
0	from wbur in boston monica brady-myerov reports.
0	right that i want to leave with.
0	how good of good news is what?
0	i lost weight a lot of weight.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	two more have managed to escape michele.
0	npr's police and prisons correspondent laura sullivan.
0	that's just a function of our economy.
0	you see the coca-cola lorries going in.
0	it's like 22nd-century sprawling minute-by-minute expanding bangalore.
0	and no one else could do it.
0	biting off his portions of his fingers.
0	so you have to have it happy.
0	yes i'll give a lunch alert here.
0	first let's take things off with headlines.
0	you're going to have to cut spending.
0	that's npr's scott detrow and asma khalid.
0	that's not the one he's thinking of.
0	some anxiety some hopefulness some historical ennui.
0	so that's what they tried to do.
0	now how's that for a tough job?
0	charlayne nice to talk to you again.
0	that would probably be a better solution.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	we'll get to that in a minute.
0	those subsidies are now being cut severely.
0	you can email us your stories now.
0	david johnson joins us from deltaville virginia.
0	we will definitely be getting money back.
0	i guess he's gone off the line.
0	today we take that story to columbia.
0	that is a lot of new voters.
0	we're the first state in the country.
0	thank you so much for your call.
0	from member station wnyc lisa chow reports.
0	ken salazar was as you said confirmed.
0	it reminds me of cream of wheat.
0	what happened to them after they were?
0	and i think that's an important filter.
0	my knees still hurt eight years later.
0	the weather the changes in the weather.
0	what's it been like on voting day?
0	becky thanks very much for the call.
0	yeah the economy has been doing well.
0	so there are sort of separatist impulses.
0	we know we should do them earlier.
0	and the answer is absolutely i did.
0	and they asked us to   come help.
0	they create their own world practically for.
0	kirk siegler npr news clearlake oaks calif.
0	how much optimism is there over this?
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	i pass a beaver lodge and turn.
0	swim close to shore in waist-deep water.
0	and annie's hair is still a statement.
0	predominantly you're doing that on games today.
0	look at the numbers of black physicians.
0	she joined us by phone from philadelphia.
0	gloria vanderbilt attracted talented and interesting men.
0	in washington i'm susan stamberg npr news.
0	she's with us by phone from philadelphia.
0	despite mutual suspicion the security plan passed.
0	we have this email from bell starr.
0	they are not in the back room.
0	this christmas he says will be different.
0	d. are now working for the census.
0	i mean they should win the gold.
0	and he says a bottle of water.
0	this time it's press secretary sarah sanders.
0	the baldness is not about losing hair.
0	omar let's go broad if we can.
0	he only came back a month ago.
0	do you know what they're actually doing?
0	what tools specifically were he talking about?
0	here's npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg.
0	and i say well i write novels.
0	here's bishop at a 2017 legislative hearing.
0	we have seen him go after journalists.
0	there's hundreds of people that work   there.
0	e-mail question from hal in edmund oklahoma.
0	the house freedom caucus doesn't endorse ryan.
0	take the phrase no sweat n-o s-w-e-a-t.
0	have a whole development just for them.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	he's my friend of course american style.
0	coming up a conversation with rami khouri.
0	you know you talk about michael phelps.
0	no the northwest is doing quite well.
0	that it's cheap and convenient to wear.
0	and now another number of the year.
0	both he and his friend are african-american.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	then in an espn interview hunt apologized.
0	john dimsdale joins us from marketplace now.
0	we   had very bad relations with russia.
0	he'd been under house arrest since july.
0	dodocio there you go in oakland california.
0	thanks john i'm glad to be here.
0	that would really affect all of europe.
0	i've been over there to the theater.
0	thank you so much for being here.
0	it really depends upon where you are.
0	here is your dinner-table anecdote for tonight.
0	this is a real and powerful drug.
0	the prime minister i'm not as sure.
0	but we really don't have any clout.
0	i think i'd rather live in chicago.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	joe welcome back to day to day.
0	he's somebody who's helping to drive that.
0	so it's no longer just about promotion.
0	so a number of initiatives are underway.
0	paper doesn't seem to matter much anymore.
0	tell them what they need to do.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	but it has some secondary effects too.
0	that he is still going to pakistan.
0	now that's obviously not just for vermont.
0	obviously china is north korea's biggest partner.
0	that's npr national political correspondent don gonyea.
0	and then he went to junior college.
0	npr's tom goldman was watching the game.
0	thanks very much for the call david.
0	those are the national priorities right now.
0	we'd hug you that kind of thing.
0	i don't feel like i'm destroying it.
0	have you heard any of their stories?
0	he's just about to fight sonny liston.
0	thanks very much for the call scott.
0	he also runs the news site pageoneq.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	steve is with us from grand haven.
0	one quick programming note about next week.
0	okay either way you're on the radio.
0	and it's probably because they didn't register.
0	it was the nation's largest airline merger.
0	thanks very much for the call charles.
0	thirteen-year-old ansun sujoe and 14-year-old sriram hathwar.
0	and he says it's only just beginning.
0	i was supposed to leave at 5:50.
0	my parents are exactly of   that generation.
0	what about this role appealed to you?
0	is he seen as   a popular figure?
0	i think it's not the crime content.
0	so this is definitely in your blood.
0	dr. yergin thanks for being with us.
0	catchers had no covering on their fingertips.
0	so that's a big part of this.
0	our ceo's a graduate of the sorbonne.
0	and you mentioned 340 feet of water.
0	did you land where you expected to?
0	so he's telling him what to do.
0	that request was turned down on friday.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the u.s. military's most challenging combatant command.
0	it's kind of laid back and peaceful.
0	i mean they had about 9,000 samples.
0	that is the proposal on the table.
0	he picked her up in the evening.
0	who's the political base in your party?
0	can i just add something to that?
0	we'll leave you with one more email.
0	but it's the quality of the questions.
0	it's published by perennial harper perennial books.
0	alsop stresses that his interpretation is subjective.
0	we're over 45 percent forested in wisconsin.
0	is it just calories in the beer?
0	i'm a very firm supporter of israel.
0	what create what is a light beer?
0	and that's where he's seeing the clampdown.
0	leedward king is in a similar situation.
0	another quarter would be pretty overtly secular.
0	they wanted to keep it secret yeah.
0	o-pa that's what's your grandchildren call you?
0	our overall placements increased by 10 percent.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	and that's exactly what concerns senator menendez.
0	so it provides a benefit both ways.
0	many are repeat visitors to sharm el-sheikh.
0	do you want to hear from them?
0	drug cartels are taking to the ocean.
0	yeah there were lots of different reports.
0	this is how the writing it done.
0	it's referring all questions to the fbi.
0	they also protect coastal areas against flooding.
0	npr's farai chideya is one of them.
0	that's npr white house correspondent tamara keith.
0	but bartlett isn't sure that she will.
0	so where do you go from here?
0	he's being held on 300,000 cash bond.
0	lots of grist for our friday guys.
0	domenico thanks so much for joining us.
0	so be warned that is coming up.
0	but the idea isn't popular with everyone.
0	they wanted to hear from the public.
0	why and why do you think now?
0	i did get to try another landing.
0	both of those attempts have been foiled.
0	they say this was litigated in 2018.
0	i'm just running out of time here.
0	npr's mara liasson is covering this story.
0	diana welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he was almost killed by a grenade.
0	i'm not sure about the second question.
0	there are states that already have yes.
0	it was first introduced back in 1995.
0	and hopefully this year will be different.
0	he had been urging people to vote.
0	that's a first for the 21st century.
0	people just went and bought unhealthy food.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	we'll try to answer all those questions.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	marisa demarco from member station kunm reports.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we're going to begin with m.j. munsell.
0	is this really goodbye this farewell tour?
0	it says it's establishing a caliphate now.
0	at this point we're 50 years on.
0	is pluto a planet or a star?
0	and that's trapped in this magnetic field.
0	m.j. thank you for speaking with us.
0	and i used to routinely promote myself.
0	we weren't   indian enough to be indian.
0	i'm sorry i missed that last line.
0	on your judgment do you call people?
0	for as long as it can be.
0	barry duncan calls himself a master palindromist.
0	can we disagree without demonizing each other?
0	you spoke with james hansen earlier today.
0	but most nigerians are saying come on.
0	so let's start with this antitrust review.
0	he's never given any evidence for this.
0	victor set out to learn new skills.
0	mary's with us from leavenworth in kansas.
0	and women's access to reproductive health care.
0	that's pakistan's foreign minister speaking with renee.
0	reid thanks very much for the call.
0	yeah the day i lost my mother.
0	there'll be a roll-call vote on this.
0	he brought family and friends to watch.
0	that is how they persevered for this.
0	marie is one of 40 descendants here.
0	but aren't those just an annual event?
0	i understand this is a busy week.
0	she jumped at the chance to volunteer.
0	many don't make it past their forties.
0	so we know that it's saving lives.
0	i'm talking about george wallace bull connor.
0	with heat we flash off the co2.
0	you didn't have an office yet at.
0	from member station wwno eve troeh reports.
0	final subject on today's africa update: zimbabwe.
0	the main engines are going to start.
0	for more now we've got emira woods.
0	can't think of what else there is.
0	it's called the stop vulture funds act.
0	and let's get justin on the line.
0	and that means that they're spicy hot?
0	let's go to jean paul in tucson.
0	and so that's what our goal is.
0	next to the refrigerator there's a notebook.
0	in kabul reaction fell along ethnic lines.
0	they give 10 or 12 each year.
0	by the way we contacted wellesley college.
0	we will talk again about this tomorrow.
0	we found two that have been beneficial.
0	she named our trees maeve and efford.
0	dawn turner trice of the chicago tribune.
0	obama promised to come back to kenya.
0	pamela thanks very much for the call.
0	in other places that are so groovy.
0	it just depends on where she is.
0	in one version the c is solid.
0	he's with the polling firm bendixen amandi.
0	but he's not allowed to earn cuc.
0	a california hospital   association estimates $500 million.
0	i wanted a color that had optimism.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	ira i wonder if i could just.
0	that's just the way the game works.
0	i remember it because i was there.
0	are you going to have a judge?
0	where are you taking her to now?
0	eisa who's going to build the bridge?
0	and that's just a part of it.
0	i mean yeah even in the book.
0	so there's a lot more subtlety there.
0	it's a little unique as i understand.
0	the men's chinese gymnastics team won gold.
0	now they're going to start doing that.
0	phil always good to talk to you.
0	i think again it was very unexpected.
0	but presumably that's not going to happen.
0	you remember karl rove's language on this?
0	but that's the thing about these sanctions.
0	is there any opposition to this program?
0	you well it occurs at the surface.
0	the central bank actually can't issue debt.
0	sure sounds simple but history says otherwise.
0	he talks about putting america first right?
0	they both plan to vote for clinton.
0	go to our web site at sciencefriday.
0	they were like newsgroups or chatrooms now.
0	these people are still dealing with that.
0	i picked up the phone and dialed.
0	there were destroyed houses visible behind that.
0	previously the city's tagline was enjoy indiana.
0	no i don't think that's the point.
0	you always hear from coaches about players.
0	but local law enforcement officials dispute that.
0	larry williams thank you for coming in.
0	this issue is about innovation and voices.
0	that was kind of a long pause.
0	it's not a problem in his hospital.
0	we seem to have lost the line.
0	a lot of voters stayed away anyway.
0	nothing for gebolys would mean hillary clinton.
0	it's a father-son pair from the states.
0	we feel those are concerns as well.
0	we already have plenty of milk production.
0	so things don't appear quite as rosy.
0	it was a natural disaster an earthquake.
0	so what exactly is behind these protests?
0	meanwhile 100,000 russian children languish in orphanages.
0	are there more demonstrations planned for tonight?
0	it was quite a zippy oral argument.
0	that's got a little zing to it.
0	npr news analyst juan williams joins us.
0	there are moves to force him out.
0	its contract negotiations with directv fell through.
0	isolation he said sleep deprivations sexual humiliations.
0	south ossetia is a pro-moscow separatist province.
0	do not become contagious toward other firms.
0	they use the large g-scale train sets.
0	now this is a very weird proposal.
0	ichris thanks very much for the call.
0	actually i went back into the field.
0	these are some of his fiercest critics.
0	and not much there was no services.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and let's get raymond on the line.
0	roberts nothe's not dirty enough to really.
0	she's reported in the region for years.
0	you're going to go see a medic.
0	so the environment in itself is stressful.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i don't understand the story at all.
0	her mother convinced her to go back.
0	what would you tell me to do?
0	they basically stand on top of me.
0	well i haven't read that particular book.
0	i'm going to keep that record going.
0	otherwise they don't or would rather not.
0	they'd like to give ethiopia bloody nose.
0	it sounds like the lawmaker is serious.
0	and rob crilly let me ask you.
0	i thought i'd add another little note.
0	i hope you wear it with pride.
0	her mother raised two daughters here alone.
0	so it was truly in his blood.
0	when you go out and see customers.
0	and then into the crock-pot they go.
0	david hogg got up before 5 a.m.
0	i mean there's plenty of   responsibility here.
0	from npr west it's all things considered.
0	now tell us about today's military action.
0	so the question is does the public?
0	the public opinion polls tell you that.
0	the secretary general visited president obama yesterday.
0	and so this relationship is often fraught.
0	is that what these events look like?
0	he was president   ford's chief of staff.
0	we all miss them here and there.
0	that's npr white house correspondent tamara keith.
0	anna gorman is with kaiser health news.
0	and they intend to step up attacks.
0	tatooine seemed like a pretty lousy world.
0	the malls are crowded even at midnight.
0	talk a little bit about the economy.
0	the school's admissions process has two parts.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	that was definitely revolutionary at the time.
0	the yellow ribbons are out on display.
0	onboard there were scuffles over the food.
0	but craig thompson defends his family's products.
0	it's called the reliable replacement warhead program.
0	among them dickinson college in carlisle pennsylvania.
0	and sierra leone's a whopping 11 percent.
0	anybody want to chime in on that?
0	when we will start to see that?
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	let's go to whitney in morehead minnesota.
0	he won't be able to run again.
0	from san antonio npr's wade goodwyn reports.
0	that is when i find my way.
0	and then there's the problem of witnesses.
0	now she's back with her signature sound.
0	we're going to talk about tax reform.
0	we think you have to be patient.
0	and of course thereby lays the rub.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	she's a staff writer at the atlantic.
0	it's an issue that affects us all.
0	the point i thought that was most.
0	his new book is called beside manners.
0	it almost always comes down to money.
0	i may not get there with you.
0	it came up at the last moment.
0	i don't think that's necessary at all.
0	you have to be implemented in reality.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	aleppo is very close only 80 miles.
0	well we're going to have to see.
0	and people have been wondering about that.
0	and they were successful in doing that.
0	and it's just a really nice way.
0	but neighbors say police protection is key.
0	i guess i'll go to you ron.
0	i want it to be a struggle.
0	that's a cornerstone of any paris deal.
0	this is you know this is it.
0	spring rains have swollen the rio grande.
0	what about the dignity of the dead?
0	it did appear a bit ad hoc.
0	the world war ii museum is expanding.
0	immigration of course is a divisive topic.
0	they began their union with six children.
0	and it has become a nationwide problem.
0	jonathan thanks very much for the call.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but iceland's banks built up massive debts.
0	professor turner i guess that's to you.
0	the weather doesn't cover all of them.
0	stephan ulamec is the lander's manager there.
0	could your panelists please comment on this?
0	they were tucked away in various folders.
0	chris thanks very much for the call.
0	there's good news and bad news here.
0	and for the most part they did.
0	from your experience are they selling well?
0	oh what are you trying to say?
0	it's like wow that's really what happened.
0	things could get very hairy out there.
0	one is the durability of the weapon.
0	as a matter of fact there was.
0	i mean i'm a complete space geek.
0	yeah which is going to be awesome.
0	karen grigsby bates npr news los angeles.
0	kevin ross welcome to day to day.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	all right thanks for having me on.
0	what about marx groucho chico and harpo?
0	and i'm doing it obviously with love.
0	i know what that world looks like.
0	and that's all i want to say.
0	thanks so much for taking the time.
0	but susan polgar gave me an example.
0	well we'll look forward to that one.
0	and this is talk of the nation.
0	here's senate democrat dick durbin of illinois.
0	this is obviously very important to you.
0	spike was close but he was downtown.
0	but that doesn't excuse something like this.
0	captain kudo thanks for your time today.
0	and she said well this is easy.
0	good to talk to both of you.
0	i want to   rebuild my own home.
0	his sentence was 18 months of supervision.
0	i'm just unfit for just about anything.
0	he rummages through one of the bags.
0	hundreds of thousands have fled the country.
0	but so far that still hasn't happened.
0	tell it like i think it is.
0	she says it's a difficult situation but.
0	thank you and have a great day.
0	the other pierre korkie was south african.
0	how do i deal with that anticipation?
0	let's see we go next to tammy.
0	todd's with us from kalamazoo in michigan.
0	we're going to turn to john ydstie.
0	this from phil in san antonio texas.
0	he joined us from wqed in pittsburgh.
0	it was like my whole week's salary.
0	no because i didn't try the stuff.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	perhaps the brits were in iranian waters.
0	they can they easily flow that way.
0	they watched king get assaulted get attacked.
0	i'm audie cornish in for guy raz.
0	let's take the construction industry for example.
0	he faced fierce questioning from fellow republicans.
0	so it is actually the right approach.
0	you'll notice that senator beason mentioned wages.
0	do you really need a bag madam?
0	so that's what's going on in charlotte.
0	you know it doesn't really matter me.
0	we called up victor spezzini in birmingham.
0	and he doesn't exactly reek of vice.
0	you worked for fox news and breitbart.
0	this whole case as indicated is insane.
0	and what triggers that do they think?
0	one of your central characters khaled dies.
0	i think that there is an openness.
0	i have taken responsibility for my vote.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i was married in the catholic church.
0	originally he performed that with the byrds.
0	that's syrian photographer and filmmaker saeed albatal.
0	the next year we expanded domestic partnership.
0	there has been tremendous damage to infrastructure.
0	that was extremely heated in that exchange.
0	you know i would have done me.
0	practitioners are you saying pragmatic choices here?
0	taxes need to be increased you're saying.
0	and their economic situation has grown worse.
0	adam thank you for speaking with us.
0	daniel from myrtle beach in south carolina.
0	and then there was a third fight.
0	and i always say babies in space.
0	annabel's mom elyse claprood wasn't so positive.
0	i'm going to put you on hold.
0	lance with us from lavonia in georgia.
0	well you know imports are actually declining.
0	i said dude go for it man.
0	but numbers out this week suggest otherwise.
0	she's three and a half years old.
0	so let's go back in time here.
0	it's essentially it's not just an incentive.
0	now moving on again to south africa.
0	they're looking for visas to other countries.
0	that's flora's video pick of the week.
0	his friends are some of them white?
0	people fell out of the labor force.
0	jeff what happens now here in congress?
0	mike we wish your son the best.
0	and i think that's kind of sad.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	don thanks very much for the call.
0	and i still feel ashamed of that.
0	can anything be done about these bonuses?
0	the president's approval ratings are very low.
0	but a fire threatens the 2008 season.
0	major depression was very distinct he says.
0	they do it better than anybody else.
0	he's with us here   in studio 3a.
0	so i'm like oh this is awesome.
0	she's mesmerizing as offred the lead character.
0	it's terrifying especially at an early age.
0	yeah when i was in seventh grade.
0	i was- i- my emotions were running.
0	i don't associate with that you know?
0	worse than honorary degrees are executive degree.
0	i remember reading about the 1960 campaign.
0	a lot of reshaping all at once.
0	they play together as though they're dancing.
0	yes it does said the girl duck.
0	that's been his job for 36 years.
0	the pace of news and digital dysfunction.
0	nolan's talk is in a side room.
0	it depends which way you approach it.
0	excuse me let me think about it.
0	well this is a rather mystifying incident.
0	you know yes we're relying on technology.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	that's sean whiteley the coo of tigertext.
0	we can just grow our way out.
0	no i wouldn't use the word arbitrary.
0	i see it and i know it.
0	so they are selling them i guess.
0	and i will look down at him.
0	i don't see the logic in that.
0	the new dynamic is secular versus muslim.
0	do they really care if jay-z's drinking?
0	ken kathy let's bring in robert oldendick.
0	and that's what you have coming forth.
0	so if you like coffee drink up.
0	i just be up thinking about stuff.
0	robert smith will be here next week.
0	we'll be setting up a costume shop.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	from member station kazu ben adler reports.
0	brett thanks very much for the question.
0	i met dave sharman who raises cattle.
0	and it's not just commuters who benefit.
0	and now he feels like it's ok.
0	but is it really a good idea?
0	fallin says that's a long way off.
0	eliska and welmon are from new orleans.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	i know that i want a sentra.
0	and i still haven't bought a car.
0	that's not normally how we do things.
0	david thanks very much for the call.
0	reporter gloria hillard stopped in to browse.
0	so we get back into ahmed's car.
0	and so that was a critical issue.
0	she was just an exhausted single mom.
0	his entire heist was caught on tape.
0	josh lawson is the board's general counsel.
0	what else have you seen that's interesting?
0	if i ain't it's all all right.
0	he says this is my next battle.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	and i'm sorry you had that inconvenience.
0	so this was the one big shot.
0	joseph prince he's a pastor from singapore.
0	i think the old duck is crazy.
0	and i think obama is getting better.
0	it weighed as much as 14 elephants.
0	and he didn't have much to say.
0	i mean is there the political will?
0	copper piping black all the way through.
0	and there are professional pageant consultants too.
0	thank you so much for joining me.
0	and then there are the outside groups.
0	once or twice we had roast beef.
0	let me stand back a little bit.
0	i was the 4th of frickin' july.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	it would just be how it was.
0	it's run by the youth policy institute.
0	when you're in the air you're safe.
0	warren alperstein is a former baltimore prosecutor.
0	tommy craggs though he doesn't mind flopping.
0	we have too much else to do.
0	he's read it to all his children.
0	and the payoff for the flop is?
0	that must be coming from the garbage.
0	sir have you seen the cartoons yourself?
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	although that was began during the bush.
0	mara just give us a final thought.
0	she has charm and she's strong smart.
0	how are things settled in our nation?
0	just decompressing exercisesyou know quiet orwhen the.
0	thirteen million dollars a lot of money.
0	does exercise actually help deal with stress?
0	let's define some ground rules dr. kiecolt-glaser.
0	it is made up of human beings.
0	i have arthritis and high blood pressure.
0	he's been recovering from reconstructive knee surgery.
0	would it work with iran and israel?
0	it doesn't mean a lot to me.
0	you were the 14-year-old phenom in 1996.
0	what is the craze about bodies now?
0	his backers are already relishing the opportunity.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	it was supposed to have been yesterday.
0	back then giunchigliani was a nevada assemblywoman.
0	he was just really quick to judge.
0	everybody that was leaving was getting certificates.
0	none have given credit to the seminoles.
0	thank you so much for being here.
0	and the dmz proper is their bedroom.
0	those are probably rustic buntings or parrotbills.
0	my husband and i are both progressive.
0	war music blares across the icy landscape.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	what we need is new government spending.
0	but for now they're not holding hands.
0	if he doesn't say yes you're stuck.
0	but they're not actually loaning the money.
0	this house is in your toxic asset.
0	so you're ruling it out any withdrawal?
0	this study has not changed his mind.
0	clinton decided to hammer him for it.
0	steve's influence earned him yet more influence.
0	andy did you want to jump in?
0	it was just it was so consistent.
0	let's go back to my other guests.
0	northrop later dropped out of the competition.
0	he saved them money- lots of it.
0	and the head of the union local?
0	thank you both for joining me today.
0	act six we are harper high school.
0	and then she laid out her plan.
0	unemployment among young men at 37 percent.
0	jim thanks very much for the call.
0	and you were a lot of fun.
0	sasha khokha of member station kqed reports.
0	am i up here hocking my product?
0	a fraction has been spent so far.
0	what's the intelligence community saying about this?
0	and then torey just burst into song.
0	it's going too far to do that.
0	his crossover republican appeal is very good.
0	do you think indonesia is becoming intolerant?
0	mccain is the only one left standing.
0	i'd love to see the great array.
0	i don't suppose it's a christmas-themed mural.
0	sleep with a knife by your side.
0	they wouldn't let us anywhere near them.
0	that's not what being president's all about.
0	npr's laura sydell begins our report online.
0	suzie have a happy thanksgiving i hope.
0	basically nsa went down for three days.
0	i felt bob's knife in my pocket.
0	look like his pants are pretty clean.
0	the same is true of the birdfeeder.
0	they actually found one person on realtor.
0	well that's a subject for another day.
0	the question is can it be reversed?
0	now what do would you consider yourself?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	have you ever experienced any close calls?
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	we figured it would just blow over.
0	what do you enjoy about it specifically?
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	you said the run-up had been chaotic.
0	it's why they went in to organics.
0	but i believe he'll be all right.
0	you know my head wasn't working right.
0	at wallens ridge they call vince doc.
0	it seems that way now doesn't it?
0	that's not going to make feel good.
0	shrink oh they got it simultaneously too.
0	all of us have complicated mixed identities.
0	i was trying to be somewhat skeptical.
0	i hope i'm not offending your hometown.
0	once it was out we resumed work.
0	or if something like stresses me out.
0	what would a democratic president do differently?
0	harold thanks very much for the call.
0	could be as long as 96 hours.
0	why'd it take so long to close?
0	they do very poorly at the olympics.
0	the dictionary is not just in english.
0	president obama had an unusually busy weekend.
0	and national right to life isn't alone.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	and they want in on that action.
0	and pittsburgh's playing the st. louis cardinals.
0	i think you make your own opportunities.
0	you have a sort of accreditation system.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	but few were related to commercial rafting.
0	justice scalia responded with a rhetorical skewer.
0	it could take more than a decade.
0	well then there's the question of trust.
0	and we don't want that to happen.
0	yeah it's kind of disappointing i think.
0	here's   mr. morality here containinghaving extramarital affairs.
0	well read these opinions and think again.
0	we've spoken about this with kevin rudd.
0	but that's the way i view it.
0	rick thanks very much for the call.
0	that's adam boyette of fort worth texas.
0	it's been great talking with you again.
0	and the year before there were six.
0	thanks very much for joining us today.
0	anything he might use for his secret.
0	it has to be an embryonated egg.
0	i thought i'd never say that again.
0	scott horsley npr news fort collins colorado.
0	am i guessing right you have kids?
0	richard just explain this again to me.
0	we actually bought 137 homes last month.
0	but he explained what was going on.
0	so we have won without them before.
0	is that a pass in your hand?
0	ahmed badr is a sophomore at wesleyan.
0	katie blackley of member station wesa reports.
0	iran is the world's fourth-largest oil producer.
0	good to have you with us jill.
0	he's with me here in studio 3a.
0	obviously we'll be watching this very quickly.
0	and we're taking your calls at 800-989-8255.
0	coming up tragedy strikes alaska's fishing industry.
0	i've heard talk of this recording session.
0	ok i'll let you copy my homework.
0	they really haven't developed much either one.
0	it's exposed to long island sound   instead.
0	the name that she used was naomi.
0	the song is sung in both koreas.
0	shawn was shot by police but survived.
0	i want to be on his side.
0	and then i'll get all blushed up.
0	and that's   what makes for good television.
0	we have of course had other arrests.
0	she's the youngest winner in off-broadway history.
0	it wasn't a life-threatening wound or anything.
0	they've tried everything to soothe their baby.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	and your last one is bread b-r-e-a-d.
0	so five has iv which is four.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	and by that test eaton had failed.
0	peggy was a woman of the people.
0	but that's part of our history too.
0	a boom in natural gas is underway.
0	no one stopped to pick us up.
0	why did you decide to come here?
0	he is however sliding in the polls.
0	but the ncaa rules are so strict.
0	he cuts his own throat in fact.
0	he lived to be 105 years old.
0	i'm sorry we are sold out tonight.
0	i remember riding on the 610-k freeway.
0	the answer is over congress's dead body.
0	my beloved husband john suffers from alzheimer's.
0	we are building a local culture here.
0	it still should be our last option.
0	together we decided to cut off contact.
0	you know you don't forget about it.
0	revolucion used to be tijuana's tourist strip.
0	those reminders come easily to the bordelons.
0	victor godinez of the dallas morning news.
0	i've never heard police talk like this.
0	they'd play both high definition dvd styles.
0	i wanted those years with my family.
0	what could the arrests in canada signal?
0	this is sort of your binge-watching guide.
0	ahmad joins us ahmad calling from minneapolis.
0	in march he sacked two finance officials.
0	can i ask about the economy too?
0	so this is a more vulnerable population.
0	and how long did your exile last?
0	that was secretary of state condoleezza rice.
0	but what we'll likely see is divestment.
0	that puts him at about middle age.
0	she had not heard about it yet.
0	we're studying the bond between the two.
0	i mean it sort of makes sense.
0	i don't open the door for police.
0	early acclaim soon turned to bitter hatred.
0	i rally for the future of pakistan.
0	one of those experts is sarah yerkes.
0	and states don't really do it either.
0	but she hurt her back at work.
0	i mean they'll steal their money or.
0	georgia wants to attract more international business.
0	from the future to syria's turbulent present.
0	and i spoke these lines to him.
0	inside the dishwasher's going kitchen's pretty clean.
0	some of my best friends are black!
0	some of the other stuff is worse.
0	i imagine some of this is financial.
0	cox had already endorsed romney for president.
0	the new season starts this week- radiolab.
0	and tell her to take it easy.
0	it's a skeleton of a now-extinct mammoth.
0	and it's very easy to deal with.
0	abdul khan is one riffet hussein's clients.
0	i would remind him over and over.
0	daren berry plays percussion violin and ukulele.
0	and i felt more comfortable in that.
0	these are people i've known since childhood.
0	he is the president of american crossroads.
0	i just can't believe what you do.
0	there are white arabs with blue eyes.
0	it was so repulsive and so disgusting.
0	i ask the cabbie for his name.
0	it was like i was some ghost.
0	in this case grain alcohol and beer.
0	it's a life that's being led unexamined.
0	and the large companies as a whole.
0	thank you for talking with us sir.
0	so many meetings under that tamarind tree.
0	and they're like what is going on?
0	npr's domenico montanaro for us this morning.
0	what are the pivotal moments so far?
0	and how are they doing through this?
0	pedro robert bev thank you so much.
0	npr's jackie northam for us this morning.
0	the u.k. though has its own plan.
0	no library possesses all of these items.
0	he changed the direction of my life.
0	we know how to make   things work.
0	a hardcover will be released in september.
0	ambassador johan verbeke thank you very much.
0	you just learn to deal with it.
0	where does he get the hookworm from?
0	i mean we've spent over $700 million.
0	and one word americans don't like mandate.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i mean they have the most species.
0	so the offense is similar to that.
0	i'm so glad we got to it.
0	thanks to the rhythms in her brain.
0	today on our radio show held hostage.
0	all those different beats could produce chaos.
0	thanks so much for speaking to us.
0	stress itself can be a health hazard.
0	is saying sorry necessary or not enough?
0	three years later salmon will be reintroduced.
0	you like the drop in gasoline prices.
0	and that's when the initial process began.
0	you've not made up your mind henry?
0	tom thanks very much for the call.
0	and isn't that a change sue davis?
0	but mostly he likes the fitness functions.
0	they didn't know what methods to choose.
0	oh yeah yeah i have it here.
0	here's what he's doing for the unemployed.
0	it's what they came to rallies for.
0	but there was something waiting for tarr.
0	you get a new kind of mud.
0	and this is science friday from npr.
0	you're not seeing leakage into the environment.
0	have you made up your mind yet?
0	yesterday at the cia he said this.
0	he's legally qualified to serve as senator.
0	jenny thanks very much for the call.
0	are you hearing from people like that?
0	we need to sit with each other.
0	and i trust that a lot more.
0	does hispanic heritage month need a rebrand?
0	do they feel that this is inclusive?
0	but that's where she wants to be.
0	tony scott disaster if these critics disappear?
0	it was very hot during the debates.
0	tory thanks very much for the call.
0	people are not going to the clinics.
0	well i'm glad that i have insurance.
0	and the beyond prison series continues tomorrow.
0	but obviously it was in the environment.
0	and so ron who's the favorite here?
0	barbara with us from tallahassee in florida.
0	oh no no i mean johnny football.
0	i think it will be something good.
0	oh i talk to them every day.
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	i was good guy for the majority.
0	that's how i earned my nickname trigger.
0	bob thanks very much for the call.
0	wait wait let me finish my point.
0	presumably because they get paid for it.
0	so i didn't tie the president's hands.
0	i dialed the uncle in santa cruz.
0	when you say you unknowingly told lies.
0	and what are you going to do?
0	that was an interesting piece of legislation.
0	the water is heavy with epsom salt.
0	martin put it on under his uniform.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	juppe lost to fillon in the primary.
0	now what's the origin of the name?
0	and i've got a real cute dog.
0	is stevens the only lawmaker implicated here?
0	yes i you made some good points.
0	they spoke softly for a few minutes.
0	basically i created a flyer in spanish.
0	are their targets peacemakers war makers revolutionaries?
0	we have two on the year yeah.
0	i would say they're in private hands.
0	richard aboulafia is with the teal group.
0	did aunt daisy cook for her families?
0	unfortunately none of this information is public.
0	colleen segbers stands beside her daughter gwen.
0	it's about science and race and history.
0	i would call this a small war.
0	what's next as you look to events?
0	there's no milk we told aunt daisy.
0	this is a really really fascinating case.
0	do you know how many are african-american?
0	we'll have to call you back then.
0	and then he got some popcorn kernels.
0	you know this is moving so fast.
0	and the lending community simply said no.
0	i can rewind it if you like.
0	dave i'm sorry neal how are you?
0	it's a busy week in tech world.
0	that's why i found it totally amazing.
0	and one day she got an idea.
0	it need to have that long view.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	let's get morott am i pronouncing correctly?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	he's never been to a protest before.
0	can you help me with 17 across?
0	sylvia this is a milestone in numbers.
0	and this of course cannot be overestimated.
0	it's great to be with you neal.
0	the video does not show mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
0	npr's don gonyea brings us this report.
0	marjorie thanks very much for the call.
0	kleefisch survived her own recall battle yesterday.
0	i think he's about 60 right when.
0	valde says about 200 students showed up.
0	it's pretty busy on a wednesday morning.
0	did you pay the rent last month?
0	and all else is below krystal hamburgers.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	yeah it makes you sound very important.
0	his brother is one of the owners.
0	and i was flying in from washington.
0	we have wonderful people working out there.
0	it's very different between syria and libya.
0	sure enough impulsive people released more dopamine.
0	i'm wondering if that's a little hyperbolic.
0	and again all these officers are armed.
0	and amelia with us from santa rosa.
0	he was just like ok that's enough.
0	we're never going to see you again.
0	what kind of a place is it?
0	sometimes there's a price to be paid.
0	search for soundclips to find step two.
0	you're going to look at your parking.
0	don gonyea npr news raleigh north carolina.
0	it's just a lot harder for them.
0	from the black hills jim kent reports.
0	so the first reason is the weather.
0	jeremiah thanks for being on the show.
0	i'm a big supporter of juan williams.
0	well i'm just i'm trying to understand.
0	everyday there is something else going on.
0	so that was very scary that part.
0	investigators say abramoff is not a suspect.
0	yes i did a couple times actually.
0	do you believe that's going to happen?
0	but i hope the others got help.
0	and remember we've got a deal now.
0	it just went on business as usual.
0	callie what's the implication of this ruling?
0	the xo was in the other day.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	out of the question was another translation.
0	that's a common practice here he says.
0	seventy-seven-year-old carl reimann is technically on parole.
0	the tribunals have been plagued with problems.
0	we are not going to be working.
0	but that $12 billion general growth spent?
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	especially if you have a wife kids.
0	fifty years later her legacy is complicated.
0	so i guess that doesn't surprise me.
0	or barack just steams right past her.
0	were they paying attention to this democracy?
0	i hope she can get it done.
0	it is kind of creepy in here.
0	aim to please but that's three letters.
0	number one is order blank to order.
0	i'd run across them at community meetings.
0	they just happened to be lied to.
0	and it makes for weirdly compelling reading.
0	and his message for regulators is this.
0	but we know that we're making progress.
0	the recorder can actually distinguish different voices.
0	taveras brings a book to each visit.
0	all right we shall watch that space.
0	i don't know how to explain it.
0	we have proved all those naysayers wrong.
0	no i like him as a person.
0	i'm not going to speak for detroit.
0	it might be called the nixon doctrine.
0	he also thought about his own childhood.
0	it's an interesting question for us okay?
0	second there is something to prove factor.
0	and bottles and bottles of olive oil.
0	i think you'd probably remember that film.
0	and melissa first of all why milford?
0	he sounds a lot like james brown.
0	and were you really a ball player?
0	for member station kcur laura spencer reports.
0	i was going for next to nothing.
0	well we had more than 2,000 responses.
0	it came from sandy weisz of chicago.
0	some of which were criticized and controversial.
0	thanks a lot for talking with us.
0	voting day at the milford middle school.
0	but what are the costs and risks?
0	where we met there's a big tree.
0	and that's how i ended up here.
0	it was called a puke your facerator.
0	ellen thanks very much for the call.
0	but do us two real big favors.
0	i think that'd be a beautiful name.
0	rodriguez says he was desperate in honduras.
0	the film is called ode to joy.
0	seth lind who is our production manager.
0	we're joined by the   mayor-elect antonio villaraigosa.
0	they were floating down onto the streets.
0	acrosstheuniverse replied i just met an iraqi.
0	right now it's 242 republicans 191 democrats.
0	oddo hadn't heard about the camerada situation.
0	it goes up and down with him.
0	that's more than double the original expectations.
0	the rapper's a very powerful role model.
0	it's like watching a dog eat spaghetti.
0	mostly the guy but also the woman.
0	they looked at you kind of funny.
0	but how do you force that though?
0	that was the   first set of bombings.
0	so we've had records for 150 years.
0	last i checked liquor can't talk though.
0	and i said just wait and see.
0	i think it's a reality that's coming.
0	if anyone's in charge here it's manno.
0	what would it be like this message?
0	we talked about it in the car.
0	that's what's dominating the talk in jamaica.
0	senator obama is a champion an enfp.
0	i was like i was here yesterday.
0	bill mckenzie of the dallas morning news.
0	the hospital feels pretty empty right now.
0	and the kids get along really well.
0	and that seems to be what's unfolding.
0	there are other locations as well apparently?
0	i hope this connection will last too.
0	zimbabwe is all over the international media.
0	do warnings like this make a difference?
0	absentminded professors as well but go ahead.
0	he was also accused of using torture.
0	he doesn't have to interact with anybody.
0	operationally he probably will not need it.
0	hi and thank you for having me.
0	what did it all mean they demanded.
0	carol troia is a 74-year-old retired hairdresser.
0	good to have you with us today.
0	you write in the book about detroit.
0	thank you for speaking with us sir.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	if i tried really hard maybe so.
0	even with a key change no problems.
0	he's dived into the thick of things.
0	you prefer a meaning of cultural literacy.
0	what's the longest book in the bible?
0	he comes to us today from maryland.
0	you know if they've died of bse.
0	elon musk is the founder of spacex.
0	none of that mattered at the time.
0	they're known to be really delicious actually.
0	where green means more than just money.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but pakistan's blighted by conflict and corruption.
0	well i mean she is amazingly artistic.
0	maybe we should try her on ritalin.
0	i would've been appropriating a muslim voice.
0	she's had a rough couple of years.
0	and kelly how did this all unfold?
0	he asks her some boring dad questions.
0	and so i went and looked back.
0	and happy new year to you twila.
0	african union troops provide the government protection.
0	the crowd and noise get to him.
0	this year turin becomes world book capital.
0	the system broke down here though neal.
0	they're working to form a government now.
0	so frank what's the timeframe on this?
0	sounds like a plan sounds very responsible.
0	and the usual european contradictions are there.
0	once they latched onto the idea audible.
0	and let's face it silicon valley isn't.
0	i thought that was pretty well done.
0	thanks very much for the call cher.
0	and let's get lydia on the line.
0	i don't think that that's the case.
0	the state treasurer's race is about green.
0	is it because i am a neophyte?
0	is it because i don't understand warfare?
0	mr. mcintyre let me start with you.
0	them are all my buddies you know?
0	prostitutes linger in front of low-rent brothels.
0	he could have actually been even older.
0	yeah that was shot in my kitchen.
0	each circus train is a mile long.
0	and nancy reagan often served monkey bread.
0	will the   scandals influence the political year?
0	for the spread of the zika virus.
0	the outcome has still not been decided.
0	it's a community that's all about family.
0	i don't know a lot about investing.
0	he is the problem not the solution.
0	now none of that is true anymore.
0	democrats continue to hope for bipartisan support.
0	the conversations it's evoking are anything but.
0	what does this say about the president?
0	they just got him in the box.
0	yeah no i love the girl scouts.
0	and he said i don't think so.
0	i   personally did not anticipate the insurgency.
0	hope you're still listening to npr news.
0	they've tested them and they seem ok.
0	i'm a senior english and communication major.
0	otherwise we'll have a public safety hazard.
0	obviously latinos are not a monolithic group.
0	it could be communications intelligence air defense.
0	others ask should nbc have aired it?
0	you're talking about the former giuliani advisor.
0	i'm going to start with you spin.
0	we have focused a lot on florida.
0	it will be broadcast tuesday on espn.
0	ross polk is one of those evacuees.
0	that list included schools and daycare centers.
0	nooh man roland i agree with you.
0	promises made ought to be promises kept.
0	mike is with us from prescott arizona.
0	i think that obama could do that.
0	otherwise just do one at a time.
0	and jonathan hock thanks very much too.
0	yeah the real burton in my life.
0	you may call it the christmas season.
0	we're talking with eric easter of ebonyjet.
0	i'm just one citizen like everybody else.
0	you know you're going to update it.
0	he went to level five of course.
0	i think that's the copy we have.
0	he's trying to get his ged now.
0	he thinks we're already in a recession.
0	the bottom line everybody has to vote.
0	clearly susan does not suffer from eczema.
0	let me just talk about your industry.
0	and i wanted to make a change.
0	the buzz is underway on black radio.
0	jobs have increased in the united states.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and so europe learns an old lesson.
0	we're going to let some people go.
0	can you name all the weasley kids?
0	they provide one view of black sexuality.
0	he's going to bring that back there.
0	i felt like it could be true.
0	carrie thanks very much for the call.
0	the strain just mutated and that's it.
0	mitchell hartman of marketplace is here now.
0	so you had plenty to work with.
0	and i think that needs to stop.
0	between a rock and a hard place.
0	first and foremost happy new year everybody.
0	well but maybe another incentive to quit.
0	you called the company after your mother.
0	onno hoes is the mayor of maastricht.
0	robbins toy got an order from uncommongoods.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the noise says sarah guitart never stops.
0	that's a kind of interesting question there.
0	and we know that that doesn't happen.
0	you're not for example wearing a bowtie.
0	i talked to laypeople who knew him.
0	it's an industry worth billions of dollars.
0	we're like why why i'm covering this?
0	charlie when did you get that call?
0	so far no charges have been announced.
0	and suddenly that person was also gone.
0	other people said what are you crazy?
0	always good to talk to you omar.
0	on that show he answered very forcefully.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	sunnis fear the violence of the government.
0	so how was the recruitment effort organized?
0	one of the most reliable is age.
0	and ultimately most   american customers buy quality.
0	and then you don't need it anymore.
0	no there are no other meetings planned.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	but the two questions come to mind.
0	will you please show it to us?
0	are they asking kerry what he thinks?
0	it was just like a christmas mass.
0	mary anne in delray beach florida hi.
0	i know a lot of police officers.
0	you've   received mr. jones a tony nomination.
0	i thought you said he nearly died.
0	he was an hourly guy withers said.
0	frequently you didn't even have the person.
0	well we my school actually allows it.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i can't think of any right now.
0	no. it can be the same joke.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	thank you it's great to be here.
0	well thank you very much mr. stewart.
0	dan's on the line from wilmington delaware.
0	now she's come out with this book.
0	ofeibea quist-arcton npr   news maradi southern niger.
0	we were going to be living together.
0	it's the worst in our nation's history.
0	i wonder if he can explain that.
0	how did it get to this point?
0	and he joins us on the phone.
0	amy what are you going as tomorrow?
0	we're talking about the lives of miners.
0	i picked her out of a catalogue.
0	kansas public radio's stephen koranda has more.
0	i certainly understand that point of view.
0	in your opinion is the deal dead?
0	let's go to laura in san francisco.
0	i think the first thing is patience.
0	i'm getting a bit long in tooth.
0	you know you said that so calmly.
0	leslie thanks so much for joining us.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	this certainly came out of the blue.
0	and then there are the mistaken names.
0	well it's a little bit like that.
0	he escaped from north korea in 1992.
0	well thanks very much for the call.
0	for example the medicare program va system.
0	oh stephen balkam there is your model.
0	the galvanize shop was right along here.
0	maybe friday tomorrow they're talking a half-inch.
0	and you have not endorsed anybody yet.
0	npr's daniel estrin joins us from jerusalem.
0	we cannot vote for president for example.
0	just it doesn't make sense to me.
0	jerry thanks very much for the call.
0	i had to find my own path.
0	hold on just one second now steve.
0	the republicans are certainly painting that way.
0	you can see the video at sciencefriday.
0	so you stayed friends or stayed acquaintances?
0	he's talked about his father abandoning him.
0	and the evidence pointed clearly towards moscow.
0	always good to talk to my friend.
0	well jerry that's a very good question.
0	he joins us from wbur in boston.
0	so too has attorney general mark herring.
0	we thank you for your time today.
0	you have things like social networking facebook.
0	it did make a lot of money.
0	you have no womb okay i'm sorry.
0	it was about two years of research.
0	there were women teaching caliphs and princes.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	but there is also that dark side.
0	they're rife with civil strife and war.
0	we talked about that the other night.
0	they don't want iran to enrich uranium.
0	no. we were up higher than that.
0	i don't have enough money for that.
0	he can work for me any day.
0	three thousand people died at ground zero.
0	and keeping up is a challenge too.
0	and the jobs are easy to fill.
0	he joins us on the line now.
0	so this came to you right away?
0	and let's just be real you know?
0	you know i owe them my life.
0	well let's just give it a go.
0	yes and that's one of the problems.
0	they put vokey back in his job.
0	today it's all there natural roots farm.
0	he joins us on the line now.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he's believed to still be at large.
0	but what's the nutshell version of why?
0	that's former acting cia director john mclaughlin.
0	what does this mean for the future?
0	now it's a pretty good sized city.
0	well the tree was the osage orange.
0	appreciate your coming back on the program.
0	she talks about her 20-year-old son felix.
0	they connect assault survivors to pro-bono attorneys.
0	the wall took six years to build.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it's been chinese it's been the irish.
0	but the bay of pigs changed that.
0	the best form of critique is creation.
0	and when he when in his 50s.
0	clare flynn what was your ignored suggestion?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	she is particularly focused on women's issues.
0	i'm a second-year medical student from chicago.
0	it's about a little unethical internship incident.
0	you can find a link at npr.
0	email this from a listener: elizabeth holtzman.
0	and i'm glad you enjoy the program.
0	the men tell me isis destroyed mosul.
0	there is political will on both sides.
0	a lot or maybe not that much.
0	dr. madeline wilks isn't exactly sure why.
0	arriving there is what you're destined for.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	iran has always been a target   here.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	and so far they seem perfectly healthy.
0	most cloned animals end up pretty sickly.
0	are democrats taking latino votes for granted?
0	this time they got two healthy clones.
0	is this a plan you can support?
0	fema would focus then on   disaster response.
0	craig fugate is florida's emergency management director.
0	those cases did not involve social media.
0	so this is still making the rounds?
0	the majority of the population is shia.
0	i haven't completely returned and i can't.
0	do you have some thoughts about that?
0	gangnam's like a territory in seoul korea.
0	the good the bad and the ugly.
0	and seth waxman is saying that's inadequate.
0	i have two young boys he says.
0	is it risky to get rid of?
0	he was just sworn in last fall.
0	and how about the top 10 ports?
0	the republicans are a very conservative party.
0	to define fairness there are three elements.
0	and   there is some precedent for this.
0	well the clothing company is izod i-z-o-d.
0	she spoke at selma's first baptist church.
0	she just turns into a different person.
0	yeah steve ackleson office of naval research.
0	they've set up cots in the office.
0	megaupload may be just the last model.
0	what was lefty the letter salesman selling?
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	not much has been talked about it.
0	you know consumer products yes trucking airlines?
0	that's something sarah holley's been looking into.
0	one quick last question from the audience.
0	and one final detail about ben bernanke.
0	it looks like that's the only choice.
0	for every nfl player it's a dream.
0	this is a one-two punch for them.
0	the car salesman is named deepak sharma.
0	eric olson is here in our studios.
0	that was illinois state representative katie stuart.
0	emily thanks so much for joining us.
0	now how concerned is the u.s. military?
0	alfred the great king of england 849-899.
0	economic criteria was in the bottom half.
0	i think at the moment it is.
0	dean cheng explains why this is significant.
0	in those days people were very honest.
0	let's actually listen to a tv spot.
0	thank you and nice to be here.
0	yeah i make a point myself religiously.
0	and time he said was not unlimited.
0	hey you guys promised us cheap power.
0	but clearly their anger is apparent here.
0	they had tutors that were full time.
0	we'll he's right that's absolutely the case.
0	this week who speaks for black america?
0	lauren myracle do you think that's accurate?
0	can you imagine going back to iran?
0	i'm with the national environmental education foundation.
0	and arguably the justices were freelancing there.
0	oh i can agree with the election.
0	france's fertility is somewhat similar to ours.
0	the black people come and they threaten.
0	sounds like a simple thing to do.
0	it's being done on the mobile phone.
0	oh we can't get away from it.
0	it took me about half an hour.
0	it's down nearly 30 percent since then.
0	essentially it's symbolic more than anything else.
0	there's a long history of protests here.
0	that's expected to be   a three-month-long trial.
0	not under the basic regulations of that.
0	you don't have a rule of   law.
0	anyway they should send   me some money.
0	laurie thanks very much for the call.
0	you got to contend with me   here.
0	lots of dentists may disagree with kugel.
0	we need to get those out there.
0	how did you get selected for this?
0	oftentimes we'll obtain leases from the government.
0	from member station whyy here's peter crimmins.
0	jake's on the line from columbus ohio.
0	and then the american forces pulled out.
0	and stepped right off it sounds like.
0	that's fred abrahams of human rights watch.
0	it was called by major opposition parties.
0	i started out in a halfway house.
0	in a few months it will reenter.
0	we have no divas or prima donnas.
0	so it makes it much more certain.
0	and adam is hardly alone steven waldman.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it's adventure and exploration and running itself.
0	i mean they don't like the taliban.
0	i didn't have any problems with that.
0	and we go back and redo that.
0	hillary clinton is ahead in the polls.
0	jonathan mayer studies online tracking at stanford.
0	so it's you know it's open game.
0	milena's with us from clarksdale in arizona.
0	i see members of the business community.
0	other states are also reluctant to commit.
0	who thought that we can win nevada?
0	have we made too much of it?
0	we'll explore the so-called last mile problem.
0	it all made me feel more catalan.
0	so they come back to our colleges.
0	but then you decide to add nuts.
0	it made us want our own country.
0	they look like they are very hungry.
0	gaining admittance to plays can be tough.
0	let's go back to the early days.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it's filled with well really bad jokes.
0	deborah thanks so much for joining us.
0	what's so special about these free agents?
0	and why is this year so bad?
0	but you could say the same thing.
0	in fact not everybody has an oven.
0	she is in npr's new york bureau.
0	but it makes the pain go down.
0	george thanks very much for the call.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the problem is especially bad in india.
0	subhash is what's called a lay counselor.
0	consider prague capital of the czech republic.
0	he was viewed by some as inflexible.
0	judy is with us calling from kalamazoo.
0	and you're going to get your funding.
0	he would have a lot of company.
0	and this week on houston station ktrh.
0	oil tanks animal feeding operations human sewage.
0	first some reality the international food crisis.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	yeah my ability to be with her.
0	you stick the thumb drive into this.
0	so i was in charge of them.
0	how much culinary expertise do you need?
0	so he came up with the vegawatt.
0	rebecca hersher npr news ellicott city md.
0	it will cost more than $100 million.
0	yeah i live a pretty machiavellian life.
0	but first washington havana and cuban-american families.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i mean just an average joe who.
0	and it lasted all through the day.
0	hey john this is so and so.
0	there was a vicious-looking triple-layer razor-wire fence.
0	i dont know what hes talking about.
0	it's compiled by the online magazine slate.
0	mr. crowell let me start with you.
0	missouri in 1983 eliminated their youth prisons.
0	let's hear what you had in mind.
0	andy always nice to talk to you.
0	from mississippi npr's audie cornish has more.
0	john with us from tifton in georgia.
0	and why did you choose that name?
0	and let's talk about another possible combination.
0	on the other hand there are eight.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	thanks very much for joining us today.
0	you just hear these thumps echoing through.
0	so despite the arthritis he keeps going.
0	let's go to stacy in naples florida.
0	dr. dre can go into his neighborhood.
0	all right will what's next week's challenge?
0	it's a worthy addition to anyone's collection.
0	oh i'm not sure on that one.
0	there's a knock at the back gate.
0	in fact his name is richard scrushy.
0	like it's really hard to unlearn that.
0	so far everything's going right on schedule.
0	they don't see it in the cards.
0	i didn't have any problems with that.
0	as someone who teaches it's very discouraging.
0	does that sound right to you karen?
0	no no no no not at all.
0	and can you get rid of it?
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	he says just a few years ago.
0	in pakistan police arrested another seven people.
0	thanks very much for the call john.
0	and matt let me start with you.
0	david schaper npr news in springfield illinois.
0	her family grows peanuts and sweet corn.
0	cronquist says she may cancel her insurance.
0	roger with us from milford in michigan.
0	it was just a way of life.
0	he'd been there so many times before.
0	they have said they want to participate.
0	but she had nothing new to offer.
0	what have we got going on here?
0	so many of these races are close.
0	his two-day course runs a thousand bucks.
0	he died of asbestos-related disease in 1974.
0	laurie says too many people are struggling.
0	are they as deep in women's prisons?
0	this is like a raging   forest fire.
0	so russ angold is building robotic exoskeletons.
0	they've come to life the republicans have.
0	washington which is just outside of   philadelphia.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	we   hear no to social security reform.
0	and anybody we would know so far?
0	we'll talk about that in a second.
0	if you can afford anything pay it.
0	yeah well as best as it could.
0	to others it is not a surprise.
0	that's the important part and he's here.
0	could you read something from the gospel?
0	harris like knight plays a heterosexual character.
0	she is trying to rotate his shoulder.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he's heard it three times already today.
0	thank you very much for your show.
0	one they often don't have enough hours.
0	you know i'm just exhausted by it.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	what kind of shape was it in?
0	you weren't allowed to bring any lights.
0	here's another gift idea for sound lovers.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	clients involved in the lawsuits might disagree.
0	people think of comets as dirty snowballs.
0	what challenges does that pose in particular?
0	it's so hard for all of us.
0	did you do your homework he asks.
0	many of them are still there today.
0	it is the most economically dynamic region.
0	and their basic philosophy is whatever works.
0	for npr news i'm bianca vazquez toness.
0	together they laugh more than they cry.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but didn't superman have time travel capabilities?
0	they're going to be here all day.
0	you just got up and kept running?
0	and cory thank you for coming in.
0	the cover-up not the crime once again.
0	and i finished fifth at the olympics.
0	it's director in amman is lela quorah.
0	it says it's from louis in florida.
0	many other communities are facing similar problems.
0	well this is always camps and houses.
0	emily's with us from   san jose california.
0	there are also names lots of them.
0	and that's in this economy certainly unlikely.
0	that was the odd piece of it.
0	you know my mind is so boggled.
0	still another day a rocket landed nearby.
0	well we do a number of things.
0	i think there's a couple of reasons.
0	she's managed relations with russia and china.
0	i have trouble actually going to sleep.
0	what was absent was the second term.
0	chestnuts can be glazed braised and sauteed.
0	but i don't mind that at all.
0	see they're already starting to fall apart.
0	youtube and facebook and twitter are blocked.
0	my dad used to be at sea.
0	monarch watch has at least that many.
0	he acquired his flash lamps on e-bay.
0	so a lot of that is good.
0	so i agree with what he's saying.
0	oh yeah about 30 years or so.
0	they want to know what's down there.
0	i'm saying to say what you think.
0	but the multigrass plots did something else.
0	well the charges aren't quite clear yet.
0	jessica van der valk of northridge calif.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and she is not alone in that.
0	and what about the politics of testing?
0	medical errors are obviously a huge issue.
0	i've got a ways to go yet.
0	and you know you may work hard.
0	a lot of euphemisms being thrown around?
0	so brown is in a strange spot.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	well i don't think we are surprised.
0	he left the front door wide open.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	let some air out of the tires.
0	and also at qualcomm stadium rick craff.
0	oh the traffic lanes are mere suggestions.
0	that's why we're where we are today.
0	what did you hear from your constituents?
0	earlier in the day that wasn't true.
0	who gets to regulate these global institutions?
0	i've been up and down the road.
0	zach thanks very much for the call.
0	you know for me that's a miracle.
0	i was a young handsome guy then.
0	thankfully he failed on christmas day 2009.
0	we deserve a place at the table.
0	i think that they can't be scared.
0	we might call it a tragic comedy.
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	but here's what really sets kansas apart.
0	and i don't think i'm being hyperbolic.
0	renee what's considered expertise in social networking?
0	pease says the goal is teaching resilience.
0	i think this is my second life.
0	they take up most of the space.
0	phillip you were going to say something?
0	well let me ask you a question.
0	weep for me but do not cry.
0	but kavanaugh said his mind had changed.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	i don't think there is attention there.
0	so let's go to npr's eleanor beardsley.
0	it's hard to criticize them right now.
0	ok greg thanks so much as always.
0	you know i'm taking my business elsewhere.
0	we also got the view from jerusalem.
0	and god willing i will complete it.
0	he's like well where is the house?
0	what do you suggest that people do?
0	i thank you all for joining us.
0	him you know mel gibson tom cruise.
0	should we throw the nickel away too?
0	i don't think she should drop out.
0	i'm facebook friends with two of them.
0	it's a story of love and betrayal.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	and i tried to hire local people.
0	so there's a lot of verbal abuse.
0	i've i come from an italian background.
0	but it might be good for consumers.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	well congressman braley is out and running.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	is anybody else in any people's thoughts?
0	and we'll holler at you another day.
0	but another key person is frank dipasquali.
0	and there are many more counselors available.
0	there's no common thread in the crashes.
0	and he said tell them what happened.
0	well they didn't delete the old speech.
0	it's not iran they don't have it.
0	tom harkin's seat is up in 2014.
0	mothers who smoke or drink is one.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	what did you make of that discussion?
0	and new yorkers won't accept another attack.
0	i'm going to call this rally off.
0	and general motors was up 14 percent.
0	people ought to know what's going on.
0	it may be helpful for decreasing psychosis.
0	and that's what we've got so far.
0	yeah i do know what you mean.
0	well i think   there is no symbolism.
0	and being middle age doesn't help either.
0	so it's really a   phenomenon of youth.
0	mayor reagor what does it look like?
0	speed bumps on the way to inauguration.
0	it isn't a trailer it's a camper.
0	and you took out some ads too?
0	corruption is just one of the barriers.
0	well it's a part of my life.
0	some people have drilled their own wells.
0	some are refusing to leave their homes.
0	he just said go out and play.
0	and so guess what the studio did?
0	so if you live in arlington va.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the answer was because i said so.
0	that's bad for some percentage of men.
0	she was at betty ford for alcoholism.
0	so there is going to be grumbling.
0	it was very hard on our marriage.
0	director and comic book writer kevin smith.
0	and there were a couple ground rules.
0	i have restored several tons of them.
0	we have   mechanisms these stories are checked.
0	there's a lot more competition out there.
0	so i hit some of those schools.
0	that   corporate mind-setit all leads to that.
0	and it'sbut he really knows his stuff.
0	and that's what democracy is all about.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	we all should give more i think.
0	but i do think he meant it.
0	they get homework for the whole week.
0	we sort of have this cannibalistic attitude.
0	and that is a fairly recent change.
0	that's former british prime minister margaret thatcher.
0	they didn't have numeric keypads at all.
0	the proposal drew praise from high quarters.
0	and without me even touching the device.
0	no she should still get a pension.
0	here to explain is marketplace's janet babin.
0	he's on the line from san juan.
0	he is responsible for conducting this war.
0	david i saw this headline last night.
0	we'll try to do that for you.
0	it's a snapshot of a disappearing world.
0	e j dionne of the washington post.
0	what is the president trying to do?
0	i convinced myself that i was ok.
0	well you know that's a controversial question.
0	they get nervous because there's no backup.
0	but even oprah can't save the soaps.
0	and all those things can be true.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	it will continue to be legal tender.
0	so that was really a great point.
0	mr. gray let me start with you.
0	that was what you had to write.
0	yeah i can speak to that yes.
0	lewis says he has a better solution.
0	i'm not going to take it anymore.
0	many in the community shared this concern.
0	there's just too much property at risk.
0	and music that's russian to the core.
0	his wife sharli says she's had it.
0	does that mean pull them all out?
0	these lawsuits are happening across the country.
0	but it kind of all played out.
0	that's when eric carle found his calling.
0	well i'd say two things about that.
0	you have to look to the future.
0	i feel actually so happy and dancing.
0	there are success stories everywhere you look.
0	michael gongora city commissioner for miami beach.
0	already that made this fire a rarity.
0	and congratulations this person says to a-rod.
0	rather they have other lines of attack.
0	i had originally put the bidens in.
0	it depends on the survey you've seen.
0	he hasn't been on in a while.
0	joanna kakissis has the story from athens.
0	oh so i'm way too far back.
0	they could see a helicopter had crash-landed.
0	it claimed the police acted in self-defense.
0	and to but it didn't save it.
0	thanks a lot for talking with us.
0	and state history is a problem too.
0	he does not   control the other states.
0	no golf spikes on the dance floor.
0	treatment is no walk in the park.
0	and i guess how are you doing?
0	you yourself say this is well-intentioned stuff.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	you know we that's an important factor.
0	but overall they're still pulling it off.
0	we'll not ask you to repeat that.
0	and i know these kind of people.
0	the problem was they didn't pay anything.
0	it will mean a lot of things.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	i don't know how it's actually measured.
0	that's pretty easy to understand and predict.
0	and i'm also joined by jerri johnson.
0	talk of the nation from npr news.
0	historically it has not been an interest.
0	it doesn't matter if they're the ceo.
0	your bravery in discussing this is refreshing.
0	my   sister and i sang a duet.
0	i appreciate your paying attention to this.
0	it's like really old style of music.
0	they could control it and protect it.
0	and in kenya it is no different.
0	and yet people think this is amusing.
0	kim good to talk to you again.
0	now he wouldn't say what they were.
0	are allergies more common in certain countries?
0	npr's scott horsley with the obama campaign.
0	but i won't beat around the bush.
0	john why is this on your list?
0	the government itself cannot do it themselves.
0	i'm going to help you meet someone.
0	but as i said i didn't lie.
0	you're not aware of the connection though.
0	thank you neal for taking my call.
0	as it turned out they were correct.
0	i didn't even know about these flowers.
0	it actually begins before opening ceremonies begin.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	mike did you want to answer that?
0	he questioned why mrs. khan didn't speak.
0	but in other respects it's worked out.
0	and that's what happened in these cases.
0	i mean it just horrified the nation.
0	is that true or an urban myth?
0	to my partner mysteria who i love.
0	an esoteric idiosyncratic and often maddening career.
0	leaders here say safety was one motive.
0	luckily an ob-gyn came to the class.
0	so that is something we've talked about.
0	i hope you rolled on something dead.
0	there has been no child left behind.
0	anthony appiah do you see a parallel?
0	maybe you know we'll save the day.
0	and that gave rise to the beltway.
0	why wouldn't that just continue to happen?
0	does the data show that nancy gibbs?
0	he had a son with down syndrome.
0	shouldn't you be shooting for the moon?
0	it's that uncertainty educator judi mulligan fears.
0	we'll end with this email from sarah.
0	and then nobody else on stage did.
0	i'm on a very steep learning curve.
0	you know tony it's a devastating illness.
0	thanks very much for the call sir.
0	so who is he looking to now?
0	certainly there's been a big cultural shift.
0	the boston athletic association organizes the marathon.
0	that's npr white house correspondent tamara keith.
0	and specifically qualcomm makes chips for smartphones.
0	and people will start spending again yes.
0	thanks very much for the call chuck.
0	i know the name of his victim.
0	and the point is it's very cheap.
0	his professional association got rid of him.
0	we both are trying to gather information.
0	but do you know it in salish?
0	we're going to have some problems tonight.
0	and ken scuttlebutton winner from last week?
0	remember bill cosby's rant against poor blacks?
0	this was what's called a hostile takeover.
0	you can't just listen to big freedia.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	the priest bought it all the way.
0	several of you sent in your memories.
0	and i think the answer is yes.
0	how do you think that plays out?
0	would that not mean more jobs here?
0	and it was between trump and kasich?
0	the celtics didn't look aggressive or strong.
0	i mean that's what makes groups exist.
0	a badly built system broke the system.
0	the construction industry has been very low.
0	police are still searching for kim himself.
0	no one really knew what to do.
0	the blackhawks lead two games to one.
0	is it going to be losing money?
0	i have a question for mr. garber.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	you've been there much of that time.
0	i see it more as a challenge.
0	felisa hervey had been to afghanistan before.
0	number 5: you can create a dynasty.
0	that's what we measure things by today.
0	but he's not heard a decision yet.
0	but the truth is nobody really knows.
0	he was going to get things done.
0	it's great to be with you again.
0	it made its debut today in kazakhstan.
0	let's talk about somebody else all right.
0	he wasn't wearing gloves or safety equipment.
0	but they also have another unbreakable bond.
0	first of all i think there's hope.
0	how are you not frustrated by that?
0	there's multiple layers of investigations going on.
0	love is not always just about sex.
0	you worked here when you were younger.
0	and what does that do that attention?
0	it's beyond proportions of what we know.
0	that's ken dilanian with the associated press.
0	ok they on point with the coffee.
0	so far as you know what happened?
0	and joining us now is thom sesma.
0	that's a 1 in 5 failure rate.
0	but this has become a national issue.
0	and i thought now is the time.
0	former friends at work spurned jack gross.
0	i think that was part of it.
0	his   situation is very similar to wan's.
0	thanks   very much for the phone call.
0	nothing's worse than being old and poor.
0	well there's enormous capacity in the alliance.
0	and so grocery stores have emptied out.
0	his party won a landslide victory yesterday.
0	we'll get into that a little bit.
0	oh it's probably biological in part neal.
0	always good to have an nwa reference.
0	it's not what you think it is.
0	so people do seem to be optimistic.
0	well they're definitely re-launching the buick brand.
0	what is the white house reviewing exactly?
0	i think you've got it all now.
0	let's go next to this is hilda.
0	and prices on things started going up.
0	oh there are bugs all over it.
0	and it's like why is that happening?
0	i mean why of course but what.
0	and i'd always wanted to do meditation.
0	so this is blue marble like 2.0.
0	the defense has asked for several   allowances.
0	that's tomorrow on talk of the nation.
0	do you have a usable text there?
0	he knew exactly what he was doing.
0	i had to have a separate life.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	most are in their 50s and 60s.
0	he joins us here in studio 3a.
0	no what what the deal is this.
0	and the answer is some people did.
0	and i think they can do it.
0	wouldn't you love to have instant photos?
0	michelle welcome to talk of the nation.
0	details of that agreement were not forthcoming.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	by this time humbert has lost lolita.
0	dave welcome to talk of the nation.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	so there is a lot of specificity.
0	it wasn't just one sector or another.
0	im retired so im a private tutor.
0	you know he's in africa covering genocide.
0	that's the most extraordinary thing quite frankly.
0	do you think this will be effective?
0	he hands me the music say okay.
0	what's the quintessential american food you cook?
0	so they didn't throw any flash bangs.
0	louis thanks very much for the call.
0	we have a governor that's a woman.
0	it get me through many difficult times.
0	i said i found a waltz here.
0	but books should be different cohn says.
0	i don't think that's it at all.
0	we'll keep our eyes on that one.
0	the approach could help diagnose autism earlier.
0	but dennis rodman wasn't unhappy about that.
0	they are treated as other power plants.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	well it's about i don't really know.
0	so what happens next in this case?
0	renaud i have a question for you.
0	because they're going to cut my medical.
0	but it's a bigger story than myself.
0	we as businesses cannot operate on unknowns.
0	bhavsar ended up winning a bronze medal.
0	now what does that mean you know?
0	we have to be careful of that.
0	and tackling this issue is not easy.
0	i'm not particularly happy about mrs. clinton.
0	npr's peter kenyon in istanbul this morning.
0	i mean how many do they have?
0	i have something important to tell you.
0	they must be very good at it.
0	so this storyville what does this mean?
0	you'll find them at our website npr.
0	with me now is dr. arthur reingold.
0	and in any country that's extremely   dangerous.
0	and whole foods has done this before.
0	but trip payne might come the closest.
0	are the conditions for american muslims different?
0	it's christmas morning edition from npr news.
0	so both directions run south and west.
0	any further line of research following this?
0	we can't detect them at the moment.
0	thank you for being with us today.
0	yeah you know the parents came through.
0	there will be more men with injuries.
0	and we don't hear from those people.
0	and people will be on their guard.
0	the theme tonight is defending the constitution.
0	i think it's a combination of both.
0	that's why i'm calling it economic apartheid.
0	and there's another twist to this story.
0	okay good luck nice to see you.
0	so what does this so-called   inversion mean?
0	it fell to around $27 a barrel.
0	you think carleone's has the best empanadas.
0	men and women raising children working fulltime.
0	greg welcome to talk of the nation.
0	with cigarettes the issue is very simple.
0	our fellow citizens know that as well.
0	which is you know to give you.
0	but it does help a little bit.
0	and i said is the pope christian?
0	he placed his longbowmen on the flanks.
0	there's snacks soda and water no wine.
0	her cousin 35-year-old sarhan pulled the trigger.
0	ann barks says that happened a lot.
0	oh sandy your name is so fitting.
0	you're actually advising on a veterans' board.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	i mean it could be relatively low.
0	so there's a now strong police presence.
0	of course respect for patients is important.
0	so or which are he called quanta.
0	for what we had done in fallujah.
0	i can't wrap my head around it.
0	she was a phenomenal medic sergeant overseas.
0	it's good to have you with us.
0	paul french is access asia's china representative.
0	well maybe that's a little too strong.
0	dr. schuchat you would agree i imagine.
0	it's all fairly familiar in a way.
0	so that's the next step for us.
0	alex is calling us from lyndhurst ohio.
0	do you see national implications beyond georgia?
0	and here's it's the x prize foundation.
0	ambassador kim spoke of the u.s. commitment.
0	well let's that's a lot right there.
0	wherever there are fighter pilots there's popcorn.
0	it is referenced explicitly in the law.
0	and he's glad to see fitzgerald go.
0	we went to visit the first responders.
0	michael kinsley of the atlantic joins us.
0	what does it mean in this context?
0	npr's lauren frayer reports from rural england.
0	you could've gone into multimedia or television.
0	maria cruz cleans houses for a living.
0	now we have in here we have.
0	this board must be feisty and independent.
0	that means we have to move quickly.
0	already residents there live with frequent flooding.
0	it's like a timer that's going on.
0	we're going to have an industrial strategy.
0	for years i was devastated depressed angry.
0	again 10 minutes ago john kasich canceled.
0	links to those stories at our website.
0	so their need they need more support.
0	you know the plant is still operating.
0	and you're with us from elyria ohio.
0	do you blame strickland and the democrats?
0	from the capital npr's ofeibea quist-arcton reports.
0	her college education is almost paid for.
0	i finally got back into the shore.
0	it's up to states to define that.
0	we only have a few seconds left.
0	coming up cuba without fidel in charge.
0	you're an editor for the washington post.
0	is that the reason it's being closed?
0	then he gave it to nia vardalos.
0	he has nine more years to go.
0	this is a quite an interesting topic.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	sugar's not dear abby or ann landers.
0	we'd also like to hear from you.
0	bhutto was seen as an american ally.
0	and you know that's what it takes.
0	well secretary herman it's been a delight.
0	welcome to the talk of the nation.
0	iraq has its bureaucracy since the 1920s.
0	it's a mercurial at times turbulent experience.
0	he doesn't have any money for ads.
0	but today they've stepped into the past.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	the same goes for other would-be cures.
0	we saw it during   the iran-iraq war.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	article a-r-t-i-c-l-e plus n as in nancy.
0	let's hear from megan in lenexa kansas.
0	well earl thank you for the question.
0	so she really doesn't fit people's expectations.
0	both candidates repeatedly called each other liars.
0	ads for lucha libre mexican professional wrestling.
0	if they're already existing here that's fine.
0	what other contaminants do you have besides?
0	they can add this to their routine.
0	the more eyeballs the more advertising revenue.
0	it really became sort of a circus.
0	mike used to be a forklift operator.
0	douglas was born in minnesota in 1890.
0	and andrew stettner is also with us.
0	but first to our cover story today.
0	jason gardner is one of drake's employees.
0	last year that work took a toll.
0	let me jump in to ask this.
0	let's get now to this is bob.
0	but no i don't think about it.
0	to listen to the show   visit npr.
0	mr. gates thanks for being with us.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we certainly hope your pregnancy goes well.
0	well this has been an ongoing conversation.
0	josh mckenna what's the situation in idaho?
0	martin welcome to talk of the nation.
0	ricky seven months for a firearms violation.
0	well let me make a couple points.
0	don   gonyea npr news the white house.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	and what was your thinking about that?
0	we see ourselves as independent change makers.
0	yeah and you can see this right?
0	it gets rid of the fear memory.
0	but it turns out geography also matters.
0	stapleton didn't look out at the audience.
0	controlling the zika virus requires understanding it.
0	former president for the club for growth.
0	well we didn't bring kids into it.
0	now there's one that is your favorite.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	political consultant gregory rigamer analyzes election results.
0	hugin is running as a moderate republican.
0	eight people were killed including four children.
0	i didn't have an issue with that.
0	oh they intersect mostly in positive ways.
0	the calgary zoo recently had a problem.
0	jenny brundin reports from colorado public radio.
0	you know john you're in north carolina.
0	joe hernandez from member station whyy reports.
0	he's come through alcoholism and two marriages.
0	so that was a really terrible month.
0	we will start though with the friction.
0	i'm listening here with a great admiration.
0	now you've mentioned also the desegregation argument.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	so it's a very important perceptual   difference.
0	he has never run for office before.
0	what he got was peppers garlic onions.
0	wilcox's cellmate got deliveries from his family.
0	npr's lauren frayer is there in india.
0	this budget deal is what it is.
0	they'll find other things to disagree about.
0	that's what they call a killer ad.
0	gunmen stormed the parliament building in tehran.
0	lopez shows me how he does it.
0	this is a story about kevin lopez.
0	we all are using these numbers here.
0	liberals and conservatives proposed very different   solutions.
0	president bush often talked about these briefings.
0	right and we saw massive massive disparities.
0	john kerry whichever way the wind blows.
0	but he was a serious scientist too.
0	i wouldn't say it's quite normal yet.
0	thank you for joining me today ted.
0	and i'd be real interested to hear.
0	also with usthanksalso with is mark solms.
0	i encourage you to take a look.
0	lawmakers are already talking about what's next.
0	i think there's a couple of things.
0	i mean there's a scene with deshaun.
0	and he was a very religious man.
0	the road changes to gravel then dirt.
0	but there are a couple of catches.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	comstock calls such a move politically vindictive.
0	and louisville is a very liberal city.
0	there's also a fundamental rift between nations.
0	as a matter of fact it is.
0	david bowie wrote them a fan letter.
0	some are getting it on a tuesday.
0	wait a minute drunk driving goes down?
0	somehow weiner jokes don't work as well.
0	you have nasa and nasa trumps everything.
0	what strikes you in addition to race?
0	did that feel differently the second time?
0	so tell us about that winning skip.
0	the security forces should have done that.
0	how important is this issue to you?
0	that   took the brunt of the flooding.
0	welcome to talk of the nation ken.
0	wonderful thank you for having me on.
0	after much debate the newspapers did it.
0	and jeff is with us from cincinnati.
0	then she wants to try the saxophone.
0	but wiley he just isn't so sure.
0	and nobody else is really offering anything.
0	officials are also watching out for mudslides.
0	every time i come here you come.
0	npr's corey flintoff joins us from baghdad.
0	oh i think festooning is festive articles.
0	there's no uproar from the heterosexual community.
0	he had to take that on board.
0	what was the result of that greg?
0	later in the program extroverts versus introverts.
0	i don't want to be choked anymore.
0	so where's the case against flexible work?
0	ok let me turn my volume up.
0	i get a lot of phantom pains.
0	we're in a corner with north korea.
0	let me say that first of all.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	but the reality is much more complicated.
0	he'll get another chance early next year.
0	well theoretically that certainly is possible jennifer.
0	the hospital didn't normally use infants' tylenol.
0	bombers could fly from britain if necessary.
0	and again no action by the fda.
0	and then another 14 years went by.
0	bruce simons-morton welcome to day to day.
0	well i mean that's easy to say.
0	and renee continues reporting from afghanistan tomorrow.
0	they usually burn up in the atmosphere.
0	so it's not that you in trouble.
0	i think you're probably hitting the favorite.
0	we just have a couple minutes left.
0	that's according to a study published today.
0	that means 240,000 fewer smokers since 2002.
0	almost like a twilight world of green.
0	you know the garbages in the alley?
0	and each year the fda doesn't act.
0	but nobody could argue that it's zero.
0	but he hadn't been there this year.
0	yeah the cradle of the labor movement.
0	you've probably heard about it by now.
0	the other was the addition of ptsd.
0	is the administration now officially lowering expectations?
0	here's how givedirectly decides who gets money.
0	so how did paul newman do it?
0	now i look like a human being.
0	do you see any progress on that?
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	i don't think there's any conceivable way.
0	it's just the two of us talking.
0	so ted nugent or jesus for president.
0	but because of gerrymandering we shouldn't be.
0	and roughly how many people were there?
0	i've been a fan all my life.
0	we called sami abdalshafi in gaza city.
0	maybe also aluminum foil would be good.
0	we've done a terrible job with that.
0	we just aren't serious about it yet.
0	principal sanders is trying to gather information.
0	and then he got into a fight.
0	for npr news i'm christopher werth london.
0	ben calhoun looked into how that happened.
0	the fraud lasted at least six years.
0	how much is it going to cost?
0	life is still dangerous for political dissidents.
0	maybe the fan will get write-in votes.
0	that's enough because that changed my life.
0	what movie are you rooting for tonight?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	he could have gone straight to college.
0	the next day the video went viral.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	isn't that the story of the artist?
0	do what we want to do yeah.
0	well fred great to talk to you.
0	and what does it mean to you?
0	so how did you bring him around?
0	and i said what do you mean?
0	i don't know but i felt weird.
0	always a pleasure to talk to you.
0	and a training ground like no   other.
0	their anchorage ranch homes are nearly identical.
0	thirteen is just a little bit creepy.
0	congress is supposed to oversee spy agencies.
0	it is still our economy of course.
0	in what way does it affect policy?
0	among them is 20-year-old honolula van laer.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	for every plus side there's a negative.
0	he was so beautiful in his moves.
0	you can read his blog at jamesfallows.
0	it's in the london suburb of southall.
0	is that still true in modern ireland?
0	he was interrupted just once by applause.
0	but don't forget these are anonymous donors.
0	and so he's been there's a debate.
0	thank you for having me on today.
0	he asked mulvaney which crowd looked bigger.
0	he's president of the pew research center.
0	people are angry at the o.j. verdict.
0	and an iconic figure in many ways.
0	people have come from far and wide.
0	we think this is a radio first.
0	so it was aimed clearly at wal-mart.
0	that's not my concern in these cases.
0	doug from cincinnati ohio what's your guess?
0	no boys allowed in the front   seat.
0	good to have you with us david.
0	i didn't want to go in there.
0	it's tried to get cooperation from sudan.
0	they just said you should go look.
0	with palin he was really very gracious.
0	the bishops have been terrible about this.
0	he will join us in a moment.
0	you know he kind of scared me.
0	they beat the seemingly unbeatable roy halladay.
0	you won't be long around the universe.
0	she's married and has 5-year-old twin girls.
0	but i would lose all my equity.
0	well she's gone on with her life.
0	first though dahlia lithwick is here now.
0	abandoned house i'm going to say that.
0	the national churchill museum in fulton mo.
0	i mean i don't think we're lazy.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	are banks still being tight with qualifications?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	well and not so successfully it seemed.
0	to bring down lower to bring down.
0	i'm calling from the historic sonora california.
0	it will be eight to 10 minutes.
0	it makes us actually just like them.
0	this email from alan in saint louis.
0	so kristy tried a more constructive route.
0	but here's the stuff they agree on.
0	this is an eighth grade graduation picture.
0	and they were like on every street.
0	vanessa is joining us from portland oregon.
0	so that's where it started right there.
0	others translated that as a last resort.
0	boy i don't even play with those.
0	roland bayona is a local police chief.
0	the rest is the madness of art.
0	for someone in radio that's really hard.
0	but obama gave her a little nudge.
0	they looked for but found no survivors.
0	himat essentially acts as a lamb broker.
0	so we have a lot of fun.
0	the boy was chubby with broken teeth.
0	matt thank you and happy new year.
0	two months later her brother vanished too.
0	michael nice to talk to you again.
0	the guerrillas had killed or taken everyone.
0	we say to her go away woman.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's not enough for homeowner paul abahart.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	there has been a claim of responsibility.
0	and that's only part of the challenge.
0	he took out a piece of paper.
0	thank you so much for coming on.
0	nor has she gotten anything in mail.
0	who led the authorities to miguel's apartment?
0	jim bianco is president of bianco research.
0	tell me a little bit about him.
0	oh hi neal how are you today?
0	millions of children receive social security benefits.
0	there were even congressional hearings about it.
0	if so how much can i earn?
0	that's the island's main supplier of fuel.
0	yes it's a difficult one this actually.
0	only the 231 house   republicans can vote.
0	he was he is the keith-iest keith.
0	north country public radio's brian mann reports.
0	i knew where the record button is.
0	and they play the band is exceptional.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	so commanders called up the special unit.
0	and he didn't live in dos erres.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. sacks.
0	robert i wanted to go ahead donna.
0	what a wonderful day in american politics.
0	and you mom loved that one right?
0	very difficult to say at this point.
0	to be a fly on the wall.
0	we can't fight fire in the swamp.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	yeah it's working out great for me.
0	oh he attacked george washington too yes.
0	and maybe they're the next great olympians.
0	this soldier's name is cesar franco ibanez.
0	thanks very much today for joining us.
0	i looked for julian vinegas on facebook.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	in haiti though it just doesn't happen.
0	you can call me the short girl.
0	the law is real hard for us.
0	i mean how long are we talking?
0	well what it means is to make.
0	i mean they were obvious about it.
0	the story they told us is disturbing.
0	he never hid it from his kids.
0	brenda welcome to talk of the nation.
0	they understand hey it's good for business.
0	each debate will be between two individuals.
0	the guy's name was mario del basto.
0	beautiful damn hard increasingly useful that's fractals.
0	but who would buy such a thing?
0	we are curious and so are you.
0	nrdc how may i direct your call?
0	let's show that softer more compassionate side.
0	his full name was barry e. eames.
0	i feel great about what i do.
0	john burnett npr news in northeast japan.
0	i think it's a combination of factors.
0	in libya you do not see that.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	mr. spain thanks for being with us.
0	the smart people were the white people.
0	and this isn't her real voice either.
0	and i think that's a wonderful change.
0	it's really difficult to treat delusional disorder.
0	ugh it's hard to breathe in here.
0	you should go and do it 100%.
0	men fear her nobody knows her name.
0	we'll call them they'll pick you up.
0	well thanks so much for sharing jeff.
0	nathan thanks very much for the call.
0	what is the latest in this shooting?
0	but i still think that they're worthwhile.
0	are they necessarily the absolute greatest movies?
0	little house on the prairie that's right.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	but not everyone sees it that way.
0	he has positioned himself as a moderate.
0	what does that mean to save coal?
0	but remind us of last week's puzzle.
0	again that was over public sector employees.
0	how much support does this plan have?
0	it's never that far from our minds.
0	no one had seen anything like him.
0	see and i see it somewhat differently.
0	one of his eyes was completely mangled.
0	we've seen this happening around the world.
0	it's being called the slow bleed strategy.
0	those are the factories that we visited.
0	so that's some really dramatic tape there.
0	the two traveled to remote yakutia russia.
0	but he says he's far from done.
0	what are the stakes here in washington?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they don't fit in on the streets.
0	that's their big concern at the moment.
0	he's going to talk about the economy.
0	people have been living there under siege.
0	and he's like well what is it?
0	the national park service is turning 100.
0	so i guess this cuts both ways.
0	and welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and i always find that extremely exciting.
0	and that's that little bit of inspiration.
0	in today's business news redevelopment in florida.
0	he joins me now on the line.
0	and if you get arrested stay silent.
0	this exercise is about dismantling the camp.
0	david albright is a former un inspector.
0	it should be mining the supply lines.
0	general hayden has played down that tension.
0	i'm parisian born and raised in paris.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	fighting police every time guys no like.
0	npr's debbie elliott thank you so much.
0	and i love the detail in it.
0	you know what a zip tie is?
0	and sarfraz is like oh my god.
0	and together you'll go oh yeah yeah.
0	he's a senior so he drove himself.
0	and we have a very big tent.
0	and america has gotten so much better.
0	so let me start right there muggle.
0	you know how many folks smoke cigarettes?
0	i'm good carol how are you today?
0	is this one anomalous tragic screw up?
0	she said things like let's play house.
0	i had a cat somebody stole him.
0	if no one budges the sequester happens.
0	and so they're like you must stay.
0	he spoke to reporters from the border.
0	this is lally's second bid for office.
0	for like a month i did that.
0	i wasn't told to go to bed.
0	have they ever invaded the u.s. before?
0	and something else that will help out.
0	well rachel it's kind of a mix.
0	instead he says it was about money.
0	so that will become a further topic.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	ten inches long apparently 4 inches wide.
0	in relation to pakistan i would not.
0	i'm kind of hard wired for this.
0	how do these things enter my brain?
0	the host of let's make a deal?
0	so they were clearly still interested then.
0	is the president supportive in this case?
0	kathy lohr npr news port wentworth georgia.
0	they produce more co2 than we do.
0	i was thinking of the right analogy.
0	i write for the dallas morning news.
0	i'll take my answer off the air.
0	that is one reason out of many.
0	i was wakened by my elder brother.
0	he'd get his wish for one day.
0	so it's not really pampering   the kids.
0	brian calling us from san   jose california.
0	but it's similar in its sensibility   certainly.
0	i don't remember what we talked about.
0	what should kids be learning at school?
0	let's get away from the slow belief.
0	and then i wouldn't sleep that night.
0	the recommendations were put into this bill.
0	this is the military chief of egypt.
0	and you know keep your money straight.
0	at the time really it didn't matter.
0	youtube couldn't run ads with those videos.
0	it's a political gamble for the president.
0	and my mom's like my arthritis hurts.
0	for cameron it was a humiliating defeat.
0	that's the best response i've ever gotten.
0	ari shapiro npr news the white house.
0	he joined me from princeton new jersey.
0	craig welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he's the former president of cobra acquisitions.
0	so they're really approaching this quite carefully.
0	she had somebody call the doctor's office.
0	but this is where the country is.
0	we have to keep this thing going.
0	she joins me now from las cruces.
0	from grown ups like 45-year-old bill hartman.
0	thanks very much for the suggestion lisa.
0	she would just kind of shut down.
0	you're not washing your hands of it.
0	she didn't just know to do it.
0	that tends to create a secure attachment.
0	zaki moves between homes on alternate nights.
0	andrew cherlin dennis' point a good one.
0	it's sort of easier said than done.
0	that's tomorrow on talk of   the nation.
0	these are cool studios by the way.
0	i'm going to be done here soon.
0	you know i asked jefferson that question.
0	the company had $9.5 billion in sales.
0	it was easy to talk to him.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	frank morris of member station kcur reports.
0	now after nine weeks of furious fixes.
0	at least in my memory they are.
0	the whole thing depends on getting money.
0	or this is a very slow market?
0	basically people couldn't get to the malls.
0	i told them don't worry about it.
0	so we're going to him come on.
0	the drive back home was the same.
0	and the tribune company went with zell.
0	everything was tried except the right medicine.
0	he joins me on the line now.
0	remarkably the most sacred rituals are continuing.
0	alan thank you for being with us.
0	and remains one i would talk about.
0	well what do you do in lamberton?
0	dean foust thanks always for your time.
0	he had broken nose and straighten hair.
0	they're not the best in the world.
0	and i asked her this exact question.
0	colonel hector henry is a rare soldier.
0	you faced a real threat from moscow.
0	he was astonished that the will existed.
0	act one just south of the unicorns.
0	and it all keeps reinforcing each other?
0	she is best known as a poet.
0	that's a potentially dangerous statement in iraq.
0	my life before hip-hop was just pain.
0	nobody we met was angry at us.
0	joe's with us from nashville in tennessee.
0	this is from stacy in houston texas.
0	so aaa says passengers have to strategize.
0	i was robbed in that neighborhood twice.
0	this is what christmas is all about.
0	why don't we start with a song?
0	he just signed it without the money.
0	these are what we call fringe oiling.
0	estate planning is all about death planning.
0	fill a basin half full with water.
0	they feel that society insults their values.
0	he's the chief operating officer of planalytics.
0	that all changed with the financial crisis.
0	federal police and bomb squads were deployed.
0	a diet of reality show i guess.
0	these poor people were recruited just recently.
0	um no- i don't think that's him.
0	the agents did ask questions about craig.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	well that naturally is the big question.
0	and so these are big gigantic problems.
0	they get together and do their thing.
0	as you all saw i wasn't confident.
0	she's written a history of kitchen tools.
0	they would be at his door immediately.
0	npr's daniel estrin reports from gaza city.
0	should they have been surveilling these people?
0	i think many nigerians feel the same.
0	no no no no. not at all.
0	right away andy faced an enormous obstacle.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	i mean people are totally fed up.
0	no morning dews just blast furnace winds.
0	it just became very clear to us.
0	he's probably not very happy about that.
0	commander chris hadfield thank you very much.
0	very different from the groups around today.
0	chila says one person was very agitated.
0	but the bipartisan panel didn't come close.
0	that would be include afghanistan and pakistan.
0	bannon much more into that world view.
0	anyway you were going to say tom?
0	she assures them that this isn't true.
0	their father had left them months before.
0	i shot god right between his eyes.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	he gave these long sometimes socratic answers.
0	that was a concern of the judge.
0	i'm dubbed john doe at this point.
0	you're joining us from kqed there today.
0	the rate of suicides has dropped melissa.
0	you can circumlocate it as they say.
0	i had nothing to do with it.
0	john macharia walks me around nairobi's downtown.
0	so we're walking through an olive grove.
0	jonathan paterson what's your reaction to that?
0	let's go to anne in portland oregon.
0	he needs just one dart to win.
0	this go around that's not the case.
0	schoolhouse smokehouse storehouse slaughterhouse all of those.
0	ectoplasm was supposedly spirit energy made physical.
0	he's a long-time opponent of illegal immigration.
0	they encourage them to bring their families.
0	how do you transform that into power?
0	what do you do in iowa city?
0	and that was the report i gave.
0	we are after all talking about superpowers.
0	because that's a pain in the ass.
0	but people are just like oh score.
0	and i think they're lying to you.
0	it's a war between losers and winners.
0	no one in the unit spoke arabic.
0	the family suspected some sort of con.
0	you know i did two things actually.
0	oh contested race in 2000 the battle.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	well he used to be a republican.
0	and there was one other black editor.
0	she'd pay me 250 for the day.
0	but there was a kind of honesty.
0	i'm helping them grow a legal crop.
0	it could just get worse and worse.
0	it was like a drug you know?
0	he's helped get about 1,500 iraqis out.
0	but thanks very much for the call.
0	and those efforts are going to continue.
0	we asked them to become professional killers.
0	brandon welcome to talk of the nation.
0	the low priority detainee will be deported.
0	so it makes its rules more complicated.
0	what have you learned from this experience?
0	this can't be that good that perfect.
0	major league baseball is stuck between centuries.
0	it's about an hour outside of berlin.
0	i think it conveys enterprise and creativity.
0	so you did you hear those proposals?
0	danielson described all those killed as criminals.
0	part of me is angry with justin.
0	zhao qiang is a beijing-based graphic designer.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	and so she's telling us this story.
0	ron's not getting rid of his guns.
0	the mayor of paris was here yesterday.
0	what can you tell us about them?
0	he was a big baby all chubby.
0	they had nothing to do with that.
0	no but i spoke to patton afterwards.
0	ok so you took the clip out.
0	but they face a tough battle there.
0	here's an email from mariella in savannah.
0	there is a lot at stake potentially.
0	you do have a duty to respond.
0	of course many other things as well.
0	elections could happen as early as february.
0	i have to say this very briefly.
0	for example catholic hospitals don't do abortions.
0	and we cited some of those examples.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	you were born with a heart murmur.
0	and turing's point was that that's impossible.
0	and it's not just pressure on iran.
0	and how did you become a step?
0	and he was like- he dared us.
0	ted koppel we appreciate your coming on.
0	they need caregivers who stay with them.
0	number two my mind is straight up.
0	shelly shelly with us from pleasanton california.
0	we don't you can't roll us over.
0	i didn't see someone that was ill.
0	she wore the shirt and the necklace.
0	and she understands their actions that day.
0	does a hot year hurt the economy?
0	they can pay for some things themselves.
0	now we have to look at it.
0	that's not what they wanted to hear.
0	this is also talk of the nation.
0	there's a higher incidence of adult diabetes.
0	we're going to hebbronville she says unconvincingly.
0	my great great grandfather was mountain chief.
0	he says well you voted for obama.
0	what does today's settlement mean to you?
0	maybe it was a question of language.
0	and rund abdelfatah good morning to you.
0	so no one's like oh who's that?
0	so it's not necessarily the same village.
0	the rebels are coming to the capital.
0	so we have to wait and see.
0	thomas thanks very much for the call.
0	quite the poet as a young boy.
0	i mean i'll be honest with you.
0	let me ask kate clancy to react.
0	the first action second action third action?
0	are we going to see that again?
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	for jeffrey not talking had other consequences.
0	meanwhile the campaign season begins next month.
0	and what are you up to today?
0	little known fact about torey sudoku master.
0	and it was a typical philadelphia rowhouse.
0	it's like endorsements in a congressional race.
0	this is from a 1985 npr report.
0	but kramer won't deny that they're creepy.
0	ok say it takes days to pass.
0	airasia is a much more typical accident.
0	in two weeks they've lost 26 pounds.
0	dana majeed the suleymaniye governor was furious.
0	now this lady didn't get her meat.
0	laura told her not to do that.
0	and tell us why it was done.
0	what new powers will his descendants   have?
0	wanjiru kamau was a kenyan-born community activist.
0	it's not how i was brought up.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i'm not sure popular is the word.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the american league has the best teams.
0	dwyane wade needed to be shut down.
0	he doesn't need critical acclaim or feedback.
0	it's halved our dependence on foreign oil.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	now forecasting the future can be difficult.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i think the situation is completely different.
0	we shouldn't get a sentence on monday.
0	let's go to reno ruth in reno.
0	but there's something new to worry about.
0	she was attorney general of new hampshire.
0	donna in warren is it michigan donna?
0	let me share one thing real quickly.
0	so actually it was their zenith passage.
0	you have to do some better evaluation.
0	so it's a base 20 counting system.
0	will brazil win a record sixth title?
0	some euro countries started drifting toward default.
0	they went to st. george island fla.
0	he also writes about the second amendment.
0	but you've used up all the waterpower.
0	i mean study after study show that.
0	you want to see more or what?
0	i think on the one hand yes.
0	thank you so much for your call.
0	i don't have it at my fingertips.
0	all of the men   were us citizens.
0	they did nothing to improve the infrastructure.
0	and over time i learned to relax.
0	is that kind of fun to watch?
0	aaron what's up ahead for you guys?
0	at the moment there's no loan insurance.
0	and i said what're you talking about?
0	oh great to be with you rachel.
0	the officer's on his way to work.
0	we knew that it was basically needed.
0	that's kind of what they're going with.
0	so anyway thanks for the call james.
0	he takes a seat on the train.
0	erdogan got a hero's welcome at home.
0	so what is happening on the streets?
0	i used to watch the e story.
0	what have you heard back from viewers?
0	so they essentially have a near monopoly.
0	i think it needs to be improved.
0	now the three men have been arrested.
0	ended up that my water bill tripled.
0	i'm lynn neary in for renee montagne.
0	she even let me spend the money.
0	so it has always dealt with refugees.
0	it's going to head straight for it.
0	the pope has not said anything yet.
0	is this the beginning of a migraine?
0	it was all about serving the country.
0	it had very very good shelf life.
0	and then he goes along his way.
0	well that was in the 19th century.
0	he loved to talk to the press.
0	lots of people are eager for answers.
0	charles ornstein thanks for talking with us.
0	and she feels a sense of urgency.
0	but occasionally there is a big event.
0	he supports the president's proposed troop increase.
0	many companies are still studying the issues.
0	you guys on the same page nicholas?
0	flora what did you think of it?
0	for me it was a lifelong ambition.
0	like it's just like a it's nutty.
0	what kind of people are coming through?
0	here's rhode island public radio's catherine welch.
0	and then it was oh my gosh.
0	trump also mocked sanders for endorsing clinton.
0	my office doesn't have any investigative ability.
0	so let's see what the listeners   think.
0	you know that's a very good question.
0	you know i didn't tell my wife.
0	i can't possibly imagine life without working.
0	and now we're building a new city.
0	that's the first time i've heard that.
0	and we haven't gotten a lot accomplished.
0	and i don't just mean the slang.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	and it was a pretty innocuous situation.
0	juan forero npr news el alto bolivia.
0	hospitals and schools is a local issue.
0	as i found it's not great pay.
0	david greene should be on the list.
0	it's called the tensaw national wildlife refuge.
0	currently that number is about 64 percent.
0	and you know and they were great.
0	yeah we have extreme and then exceptional.
0	they use perfume because they want sex.
0	they died june and july of '89.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	maybe rival drug cartels reached a truce.
0	the conservatives recently elected a new leader.
0	as for the workers there's no union.
0	dale sutherland of the washington d.c. police.
0	you have to violently make someone live.
0	there are some things you can't avoid.
0	every russian ambassador has their calls surveilled.
0	she wants to exempt the power companies.
0	i'm farai chideya in for ed gordon.
0	america loves it the world loves it.
0	i mean i will be signing it.
0	he's the character played by peter dinklage.
0	well we hope that it will last.
0	marriage not a big institution in france.
0	people will disagree on the social issues.
0	she has been bitterly partisan and ineffective.
0	he started working here 14 years ago.
0	in fact all the swordfish are headless.
0	it has all of the same characteristics.
0	the houthis ran overran the capital sana'a.
0	scalia accuses garner of feminizing the language.
0	jody watley's new album is the makeover.
0	i mean i've been there pretty regularly.
0	that's a dccc advantage of $5.4 million.
0	i mean people do that all day.
0	how'd the democrats pull this one off?
0	so 25 years after democracy it's maturing.
0	and jim you're in redwood city california.
0	and the doors of the elevator opened.
0	they want cuts in the va co-pays.
0	he was on his boata fishing boat.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we went with this deep cut instead.
0	low-end category three so up near what?
0	i only had a child with him.
0	josh i know your daughter's very young.
0	camp is deliberately outrageous challenging subversive mocking.
0	that's will shortz's favorite station you know.
0	you haven't even warned them against it?
0	well they have one thing in common.
0	we came over and i said hey.
0	and i'm sometimes i get confused myself.
0	graham lotz spoke first followed by reeve.
0	i think we have it on blip.
0	have you ever seen something like it?
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	they had the outdated $180 million number.
0	and there's signs of bigger troubles coming.
0	trees is a big part of it.
0	whether she's on the ticket or not.
0	you don't show the image of muhammad.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	ken thanks very much for being here.
0	i just wanted to relate a story.
0	marsha i run into quite a bit.
0	are any cartoons made with cells anymore.
0	so this is too close to call.
0	but boy they really laid an egg.
0	because i'm on the edge of darkness.
0	it's brought to us by betto arcos.
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	that is they have a specific address.
0	they no longer live in the mountains.
0	the cost of health insurance keeps rising.
0	it sounds a little bit like that.
0	are they related to the native americans?
0	mccain has been skittering to the right.
0	do they actually land on the moon?
0	you can also follow us on twitter.
0	this is one of the straightforward cases.
0	and sometimes their process is straight forward.
0	chris ruddy thanks for taking the time.
0	soldiers didn't know a family was inside.
0	i mean we're alive that's what counts.
0	but they should take the tough votes.
0	or does it vary a great deal?
0	but the illegal part here is what?
0	he joins us now from san francisco.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	my bayou shouldn't have   brought that up.
0	and i often had conversations with them.
0	if you can hear me clap one.
0	he's going to lose some republican votes.
0	it was read here by an actor.
0	the other one is the blow-up ornaments.
0	and i think that's an important distinction.
0	it was really a butte for him.
0	at pew you poll about american values.
0	jenna baron says improving communication is key.
0	is that what we're talking about now?
0	well unfortunately that's wrong on two counts.
0	we even know how to do it.
0	whatever you do do not conserve water.
0	do you have a plan for yours?
0	he's in moscow for a reporting trip.
0	are you sure you can take them?
0	and he is voting for the bill.
0	it's one that it's sort of scary.
0	have you thought about why that was?
0	we see you in your beautiful suit.
0	right now how starbucks changed his life.
0	tomorrow's a very big moment for us.
0	and so i didn't enjoy the job.
0	voters will be choosing their governor tomorrow.
0	so there was a broad general awareness.
0	i think it was a significant event.
0	they've been around for several decades now.
0	you ought to become a comedy team.
0	and your study showed the winner was?
0	the men demanded him to renounce christianity.
0	a lot of families have that experience.
0	and we were surprised when that worked.
0	it will be back next week yes.
0	that's evidence of recent   use of marijuana.
0	npr's jeff brady joins us from denver.
0	do you not like what you see?
0	it was very distressing to my father.
0	and i have even higher confidence now.
0	remind us of last week's challenge please.
0	that is a lot of ostrich jackets.
0	you can do it offensively or defensively.
0	well science was served i expect right?
0	little money and the polls were terrible.
0	sherry thanks very much for the call.
0	and it has to be reelected correct?
0	we'll treat you more politely next time.
0	mills is most offended by seltzer's posturing.
0	so what specifically was rand looking for?
0	the man shrugged and the woman left.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	now the pentagon is doing just that.
0	and it's a thing that drives me.
0	who do we expect to see today?
0	this sort of people don't have privacy.
0	i'm a crawfish farmer in roanoke louisiana.
0	so now on to bland tasteless vegetables.
0	and she's since filed a formal complaint.
0	so these are very very high-end plans.
0	china's government says this amounts to blackmail.
0	well there's going to be constant aftershocks.
0	she even buy me all my clothes.
0	it's the only job interview i had.
0	one by one people stand to speak.
0	i almost literally walked off a cliff.
0	and a set of goals were established.
0	tina what do you think about that?
0	there seems to be a mystique nowadays.
0	he's a psychiatrist she's a computer scientist.
0	this train is headed to san diego.
0	some of the medicines can be pricey.
0	well i have a lot of comments.
0	there's nothing there in   new orleans nothing.
0	i am feeling a little bit better.
0	we've just accomplished the most distant flyby.
0	there were animosities but nothing like this.
0	you have a   right to keep it.
0	and most likely it's a phone call.
0	you found that veterans make good hires?
0	maybe one endangered seat in the senate.
0	well we haven't seen the fine print.
0	what kind of condition are they in?
0	dr. craig spencer of doctors without borders.
0	chad's calling us from fort wayne indiana.
0	annette gordon-reed would you agree with that?
0	it won't hit a surface and crystallize.
0	just make the issue enforce the border.
0	there are talks about no more munichs.
0	people had a lot of follow-up questions.
0	it's not an immediate threat right now.
0	ella bell has been tracking workforce diversity.
0	and it's nice to have you back.
0	mahler reads some of the other postings.
0	and thanks to both of our guests.
0	mark's with us from salt lake city.
0	thank you for having me again audie.
0	there's some   studies which don't find that.
0	awful lot of speeches today and tomorrow.
0	he gets political leverage to do that.
0	annette you get the last word here.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	more so then what i'm dealing with.
0	we got 89.2 84 and then 89.8.
0	and she herself are very media savvy.
0	martelli says one big problem is cost.
0	and chris what did paulson announce today?
0	knapp wrote several letters to blair's insurer.
0	the dialogue often not all that fantastic.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	if you'd like to join us: 800-989-8255.
0	whoever wins that battle wins the future.
0	how are officials hoping to get answers?
0	it's just fun to go in there.
0	do you take them out for dinner?
0	maria thanks very much for the call.
0	i looked it up later- lieutenant colonel.
0	serious i'm dead serious about this business.
0	meanwhile hyundai is running at full capacity.
0	and florida's economy is still very bad.
0	that placed canada directly in china's crosshairs.
0	and curfman thinks it's here to stay.
0	it's not saudi arabia it's not pakistan.
0	i have known him for 30 years.
0	but that's that's not a perjury case.
0	now it's going to progress over time.
0	mark calling from grand rapids in michigan.
0	she's lived here since she was one.
0	the administration's very sensitive to this notion.
0	in fact he used those exact words.
0	so do you have a bracket will?
0	stars and tiny headlamps light the way.
0	i don't have a memory of it.
0	cory booker kamala harris were very prominent.
0	he didn't know if she was trustworthy.
0	and good luck with the art gallery.
0	and those have been the uncensored ones.
0	i think it's possible that it was.
0	he started it when he was 16.
0	morally financially they are really really supportive.
0	meron was so nervous she couldn't sleep.
0	and that way you could be linked.
0	first i'd just like to plug eff.
0	they weren't really able to do that.
0	nonetheless he doesn't worry about social stability.
0	whenever you're writing by hand that's drawing.
0	i'm sure she wrote every single day.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	what is it and is it torture?
0	and that's what the party's banking on.
0	npr's scott detrow reports from san francisco.
0	melinda gates thanks for talking to us.
0	it wasn't just people in my administration.
0	the new price was $5,000 per person.
0	let's get another caller on the conversation.
0	chevy is counting on word of mouth.
0	marketplace just ahead on day to day.
0	you know everybody else can do it.
0	good thing he didn't pass last month.
0	and of course i'm not an attorney.
0	and how is it affecting your life?
0	eight senators four republicans four the democrats.
0	he won me over right there yeah.
0	yeah no. i absolutely do buy that.
0	you know i've kept up with it.
0	but that wasn't the boy she knew.
0	and it was like five to 11:00.
0	i think it's probably over for now.
0	our version didn't absorb all that well.
0	they've rounded up a majority against him.
0	is there going to be a defense?
0	and then he uttered that memorable line.
0	how much discretion does a judge have?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	now it's only a little finger pointing.
0	there was no gag order or anything.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they're going in to kill the kurds.
0	it's very real to them extremely real.
0	right because that would be a concern.
0	and i'm the president of ariadne galleries.
0	this kid is completely silent and frozen.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	i'm just going to stop that clip.
0	and their goal is the united states.
0	it's about the teachings of jesus christ.
0	this is runway 22 and runway 26.
0	who will fans get to hate then?
0	and pretty soon he got a call.
0	that's what they say over in mobile.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so npr's asma khalid traveled to ohio.
0	the returns aren't what they should be.
0	robberies with a firearm are up 55%.
0	and i'm certainly not able to work.
0	let's bring in mick in bend oregon.
0	the itv is a very slim box.
0	it's not going to be for everyone.
0	i think there's a sense of realism.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	as a matter of fact he wasn't.
0	so who knows what they're actually saying.
0	this is something that we've already seen.
0	it is a demonstration project for sure.
0	the japanese maybe paid the most $10,000.
0	the iraqi police travel around in trucks.
0	so don't give a damn to them.
0	and for a moment he almost succeeded.
0	you sort of mentioned allergies are related.
0	i'm going to be in the video.
0	i thought i was the only one.
0	so for the people that's exactly right.
0	i guess he can't stay but whatever.
0	congress is back in session on tuesday.
0	the government's main response has been violence.
0	well thank you for your call melissa.
0	yeah for like a wrongful death suit.
0	donyea olga sanchez martinez runs the shelter.
0	i didn't know how to help him.
0	make it useful make it unthreatening explanatory.
0	well i'm not sure that's entirely true.
0	and so i walk into his office.
0	necessary to we all need to breathe.
0	the american politicians he has admired most?
0	and then after that nothing you know.
0	every day it's getting worse for them.
0	that's right and it's really a wash.
0	so that account has been building up.
0	i'm asking you to stop seeing her.
0	tell us your public radio station max.
0	mathias sees this as the main problem.
0	he and baldy settled out of court.
0	here's an email from jerry: kathleen sebelius.
0	just don't meddle in what i do.
0	it turned my life right side up.
0	i started taking very straightforward formal portraits.
0	ok thanks very much for the call.
0	and so i'm used to the storms.
0	could it actually go down to zero?
0	wasteland is a bedroom community of sorts.
0	let me go through both of them.
0	we're talking this hour about brain-controlled devices.
0	they're carrying a little bit of money.
0	maybe krishna do you want to start?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it hurts when you take it away.
0	we believe in helping and loving everybody.
0	that's where the silver iodide comes in.
0	darna thanks so much for the call.
0	she begged rescuers to search for him.
0	that was congratulations that was really nice.
0	where exactly do these reports come from?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but there was confusion from the start.
0	a stigma absolutely was dee hogan's response.
0	four palestinians have died in recent days.
0	i understand you are against this law.
0	so why are republicans denouncing him now?
0	so it can get a little confusing.
0	catherine certainly didn't choose to get als.
0	they'll be more efficient be 24 hours.
0	it's just before 8 on saturday evening.
0	the colors alone will inspire doctoral dissertations.
0	now this year there's concerns about hacking.
0	you'd have said hang on a moment.
0	that's the nature of politics today unfortunately.
0	thank you very much for that call.
0	what is a mexican restaurant without guacamole?
0	i threw 97 and i wasn't afraid.
0	he came from a very poor background.
0	there's 85 percent unemployment   in this country.
0	and the fbi has never investigated this.
0	he basically said he's a fine man.
0	he used to be a youth pastor.
0	here's steve henn of npr's planet money.
0	and carry around buckets of warm spit.
0	how did they come down on this?
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	so it was a great proving ground.
0	that was actually ordered over the weekend.
0	he says this isn't just about evangelism.
0	the government's policy is doomed to fail.
0	well it could happen because it's allowed.
0	he misrepresented why he was over there.
0	we're having a tough time right now.
0	they're leaving it up to his jurisdiction.
0	it was a sort of conflict zone.
0	so and i really genuinely liked them.
0	texas is growing by leaps and bounds.
0	so this is a rather large operation.
0	chest-rattling that's one way to describe this.
0	new hampshire public radio's kerry grens reports.
0	so was this just a one-off mistake?
0	why dont you tell us about benga.
0	so i checked in with paul miller.
0	should these sites be shut down senator?
0	and then so where are you now?
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	he also took on his republican critics.
0	i mean they would kill for that.
0	that makes me very very happy yes.
0	van goff i think they say there.
0	scathing review of president bush embarrassed himself.
0	we're getting up to a million ribbons.
0	we haven't really seen that this week.
0	belarus is the prime case in point.
0	what did you see in the look?
0	what is it like up there today?
0	so it's a pretty laid back town.
0	the prevailing sentiment seemed to be relief.
0	when this project started it was nothing.
0	and i'm talking 10 hours every day.
0	but then there are the low points.
0	the joke is so funny here's third.
0	congressman clyburn thank you very much sir.
0	and that's where i meet shoeb mogal.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	now dr. kandel is not a neurologist.
0	amy welcome to talk of the nation.
0	the sheriff's department just took 25,000 ribbons.
0	you know i think it's extremely optimistic.
0	crafty hand was in decision after decision.
0	the brain is basically working on adaptation.
0	senator welcome back to day to day.
0	i guess incursion would imply ground troops.
0	my pleasure to be with you neal.
0	this is very much a limited action.
0	that's if the conference actually takes place.
0	he's waiting to fly home it's crowded.
0	has that turned out to be true?
0	what the hell have i been doing?
0	i don't really know what to say.
0	no we- we gave it a shot.
0	john and his wife are still married.
0	and thanks for the film as well.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we're going to have a great convention.
0	but in any event you was starved.
0	this has been a very bittersweet week.
0	you know i mean it's very difficult.
0	though in the big cities it's different.
0	if i did i'd be a millionaire.
0	npr's sylvia poggioli joins us from athens.
0	david wessel of the wall street journal.
0	i said what kind of a problem?
0	she's got mixed feelings about john money.
0	then the reverse may also be true.
0	how long is it going to last?
0	the sideline reporter sergio dipp he's mexican.
0	it runs an incredibly popular operating system.
0	where can we look to for solutions?
0	it's more like oh they're so cute.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	lakin got into a drug treatment program.
0	this is not because we resent success.
0	right now farmers everywhere are going full-out.
0	vining gave all her students english names.
0	john saw that and did the same.
0	and i'm sorry for your son's experience.
0	it is now a solidly republican state.
0	and that made senate republicans very unhappy.
0	you know like you hear those songs?
0	and they did ok for a while.
0	people want updates they want my views.
0	it is a different reality over here.
0	he wasn't there to see the movie.
0	you can also reach us on twitter.
0	he doesn't play much blackjack himself anymore.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so it was being monitored very carefully.
0	it's not really there in my opinion.
0	so there's no income there right now.
0	it is the chosen rhythm of rebellion.
0	is there any sign of a compromise?
0	pennsylvania's arlen specter is one of them.
0	and every day i walk by and.
0	there have been people who said   it.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we are delivering a service to them.
0	i mean that's where we are now.
0	without favio there would be no case.
0	they're certainly not talking to the witnesses.
0	i mean it is kind of crazy.
0	what are our groundrules about food movies?
0	and we can't afford it right now.
0	but that issue is not going away.
0	he writes about tech and pop culture.
0	that's all the time we have today.
0	the cell phone coverage has been intermittent.
0	in the 20th century ideas really mattered.
0	dooley says that's not how it happened.
0	kevin whitelaw is that an apt analogy?
0	her long hair is a sunny yellow.
0	all are marching down the road together.
0	have they seemed more agitated more uneasy?
0	theyre just sort of blah looking buildings.
0	and that was the deadline was missed.
0	and she joins us from brunswick maine.
0	nobody thought that the constitution would morph.
0	and i almost feel like e.t. alien.
0	not just fish but salamanders and shellfish.
0	in tim's case he was counted out.
0	he hasn't even painted all the walls.
0	sometimes he'll just fake calling those signals.
0	i think it was originated like that.
0	well it is a non-human that's true.
0	and how have people reacted so far?
0	mogadishu has stopped being a cosmopolitan city.
0	rebekah mason was his longtime political adviser.
0	this illegal housing system has its defenders.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	yeah and from kt tunstall as well.
0	but we shouldn't get use to it.
0	so it is a pretty significant bank.
0	and i came in and sat down.
0	and seaweed's benefits aren't just for humans.
0	how typical is that for this generation?
0	i worked out of university of hyderabad.
0	there's a ripple effect from all this.
0	they have over half of america's mortgages.
0	back then g4s was doing just fine.
0	well you're here on a good day.
0	and i'm way far from being japanese.
0	the police have your husband tied up?
0	we have got to have these results.
0	it's safely tagged and in our freezer.
0	well i write music and play music.
0	now we're going to go to colorado.
0	it was kind of all of that.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and people who want to take them.
0	and then it ends up happy again.
0	please give him a round of applause.
0	we cannot continue down this catastrophic path.
0	why don't you stop playing around already?
0	mr. bush said it's strictly his decision.
0	so i can leave whenever i want.
0	well it depends on who you ask.
0	google's self-driving car has hit an obstacle.
0	and sometimes i still miss the smoking.
0	there are three girls in the family.
0	i want it to feel accessible also.
0	they of course were wanting their money.
0	because i was like doubling right over.
0	one possible reason was fear of lawsuits.
0	that's the silver lining in this cloud.
0	i need to speak to the owner.
0	i asked him how he got started.
0	i can't put it down he writes.
0	so blue cross offered a lower figure.
0	because we side with them every time.
0	at least for the doctors and hospitals.
0	ken rudin will be back next week.
0	but only 16% thought it was them.
0	or this that or the other thing.
0	blackberry addicts are breathing a little easier.
0	he said african-americans are living in hell.
0	he says ours is an insult-driven campaign.
0	and it wasn't late in the evening.
0	they didn't follow their own best advice.
0	you know the thing texting while driving?
0	my translator swe win showed me his.
0	do you find that happening to you?
0	i need the state police right away.
0	there are some warning signs out there.
0	the words are disconnected from his gestures.
0	he captured that video on his phone.
0	there are many fieldsprison   guards you know.
0	what stephen stills did you hear first?
0	jeff thanks very much for the call.
0	i don't know what he's talking about.
0	so i don't have to say that?
0	to our amazement the police never called.
0	so yeah it's very scary right now.
0	the president has my interests at heart.
0	in the end the cross simply disappeared.
0	so poland a lost that first round.
0	he joins me to talk about it.
0	and again we're glad you made it.
0	and these were people from two polands.
0	it was quite emotional i would say.
0	and in fact we found the opposite.
0	that phone is champagne too isn't it?
0	she's very proud of being a feminist.
0	we've got huge issues lots of deaths.
0	the candyman got a little fantasy date.
0	ron elving is here in studio 3a.
0	we are standing somewhere under future water.
0	liberians just want their   children in school.
0	and it was a really hard landing.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	and that was the start of it.
0	you can't be neutral in anybody's mind.
0	defenders of the cross were not impressed.
0	jimenez puts on bright purple medical gloves.
0	i mean   it's good but it's awful.
0	and that kind of opened the floodgates.
0	render a verdict that reflects the truth.
0	his first week he saw 14 patients.
0	or that they think they didn't commit.
0	i know you got to love that.
0	it really was like walking on air.
0	a creeping censorship has slipped into town.
0	it's not all kittens and flowers though.
0	there were a lot of us there.
0	who are these shadowy boko haram fighters?
0	the gangs are stronger than the authorities.
0	so what massachusetts said is all right.
0	how many identities do you have liz?
0	we are told negotiations will continue today.
0	he was quickly running out of money.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and he joins us on the line.
0	james thanks so much and happy reading.
0	that was never really true was it?
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	and the opposite of thuggery and thugs?
0	the president   didn't say stay the course.
0	so this is a ticking time bomb.
0	i would say it's 4 feet tall.
0	here are some things that have happened.
0	and i hadn't actually thought of that.
0	video clips from the movie at npr.
0	lindahl is swedish but works in britain.
0	i mean they have read your books.
0	so kind of going the other way.
0	are you familiar with that dr. blazer?
0	they did well in 2000 despite it.
0	happy new year thanks for joining us.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	she says podemos members were never revolutionaries.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they begin pulling data from onboard radars.
0	i think we've got tape of this.
0	suddenly they were surrounded by cop cars.
0	well they claim to be disarming everybody.
0	i don't know what your procedure is.
0	bobby later died from complications of aids.
0	we're celebrating the rule of law today.
0	it's in all likelihood a moot question.
0	i mean it can get pretty mundane.
0	phil's calling us from longmont in colorado.
0	but he was someone you personally knew.
0	i live 300 miles from the beach.
0	but there's some that are pretty good.
0	so he would be in the neighborhood.
0	and so you've already passed the internship.
0	no i do since i'm a kid.
0	congressman jamesclyburn represents south carolina's sixth district.
0	donald trump doesn't think russia's an adversary.
0	i don't want to get overwhelmed monica.
0	i'm not exposing all our cards okay?
0	roger you're still involved in whale research.
0	they only bought the flat screen tv.
0	frankly that's how i saw her too.
0	it's even funded by major insurance companies.
0	that was because household work was difficult.
0	just drive it like you stole it.
0	daniel thanks so much for joining us.
0	you know why we're ranked number one?
0	he is in our studios in washington.
0	do you want to come with me?
0	why can russia make your life better?
0	you just were a little while lump.
0	that might have been a sign actually.
0	sarah assumes from the bushes back there.
0	apparently the lady vols are very process-oriented.
0	these are all important factors as well.
0	stay with us if you would ron.
0	i don't that people really felt it.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	ronda thanks very much for the call.
0	they emailed it to god knows who.
0	far more often somebody that they know.
0	you spend all day on that one.
0	seven were found at the suspect's home.
0	he's here to talk more about it.
0	banks were considered too big to fail.
0	you don't have a creative agent right?
0	no. i don't buy that at all.
0	her dad was on the cell phone.
0	same thing with ed muskie i remember.
0	should we just have to accept this?
0	and other people saying are you crazy?
0	it's kind of like a family squabble.
0	from wisconsin public radio patty murray reports.
0	and let's talk with this is eric.
0	it's their version a starbucks or whatnot.
0	i was like i thought this was.
0	so there's the money part all right.
0	brandi dye is a sophomore at drake.
0	how did you know to come now?
0	the senate has not passed any legislation.
0	oh yeah i saw the name tag.
0	cavett was nervous before the show began.
0	and i really needed to do something.
0	and it's got nothing but positive reaction.
0	no no no stop let me go.
0	well she was 14 at the time.
0	i mean there's no control group right?
0	they encountered some obstacles along the way.
0	or what statistical model are you using?
0	and accusations though cathartic are not helpful.
0	joe piae makes and sells the schmitter.
0	eisa what comes to mind for you?
0	so i take this a little personally.
0	and we started this project planet money.
0	everyone seemed to be trying their hardest.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	take jesse graff who plays mr. spock.
0	so i'm on a master's-plus-45-credit-hour pay scale.
0	and we begin this hour with politics.
0	take o.j. simpson out of the equation.
0	that's npr senior business editor marilyn geewax.
0	but they don't say what you make.
0	marilyn thanks so much for joining us.
0	california democrat ellen tauscher heads that group.
0	you won't know that you have zica.
0	that's how we went through the storm.
0	you're making me very hopeful actually david.
0	so what was mitt romney's message today?
0	because we're losing deals left and right.
0	let's go to caroline in greenwich connecticut.
0	my colleague's phone calls were not answered.
0	that's james fallows from the atlantic magazine.
0	and this kicks that puts that off.
0	our employer's paying for part of it.
0	your body just goes through weird things.
0	real estate is based on three things.
0	i'm going to give you some words.
0	steven greenhouse of the new york times.
0	in the end the basic principle survived.
0	and i think that's a tremendous   talent.
0	and coming up i have no idea.
0	at the moment these are just guidelines.
0	npr's tom goldman previewing the nfl playoffs.
0	the season one finale is march 20th.
0	and where else did you go today?
0	it was a beautiful feeling beautiful feeling.
0	you've been doing this for 25 years.
0	where does   us prestige stand with them?
0	the fire started on the 20th floor.
0	and we would love to do that.
0	you'll send me back to another country.
0	but he certainly had a prominent role.
0	thanks melissa it's great to be here.
0	i showed up at work at midnight.
0	one of them had a machine gun.
0	you have this thing called doable evangelism.
0	it really would have to be african-americans.
0	so give me the steps of it.
0	carlos good to talk to you again.
0	i'm an ex-ulster defense association prisoner ex-combatant.
0	i will worry about his work here.
0	there are these motor scooters going by.
0	to irritate us all 50 years later.
0	stocks in the u.s. are down sharply.
0	for a year i'm just being surprised.
0	but   why won't a wireless device work?
0	how to tea party numbers compare there?
0	animals eat great tremendous quantities of them.
0	there's bands and free barbecue and tents.
0	james is oh james are you there?
0	there are six more days to go.
0	he's chief negotiator for the palestinian authority.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	does it make you feel old mike?
0	they can often help recruit other talent.
0	this is ralph from des moines iowa.
0	my wife goes crazy for that perfume.
0	today on our show bait and switch.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	it was not fit for human consumption.
0	you probably know people that smoke marijuana.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	coming up the art of poker play-by-play.
0	people should know that they're being filmed.
0	your sibs are just such a resource.
0	do you feel like it's being co-opted?
0	let's have the big debate on them.
0	i'm anybody who's a participant in anything.
0	what do you listen to and why?
0	i mean that's why i'm the same.
0	this house is more than 150 years.
0	this summer the official count is 30.
0	judge kavanaugh's nomination is out of committee.
0	they have a choice in this election.
0	the teasing just got worse from there.
0	so did more than a dozen others.
0	here's chloe's mom who we'll call sari.
0	and the phone has dropped out between.
0	you can see you can feel this.
0	laura welcome to talk of the nation.
0	probably you see it in all history.
0	sorry if you don't really like it.
0	obviously advocating violence we'll go beyond that.
0	renae let's start off with this legislation.
0	oh i think that was pretty obvious.
0	well let's listen to some excerpts now.
0	and now i feel like i do.
0	so we don't know what to do.
0	hansi lo wang npr news new york.
0	he's the only general practitioner in greensboro.
0	but the permanent post has proved elusive.
0	it's quite a massive piece of artillery.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	three a preoccupation with thinking about foods.
0	and i said what is he doing?
0	like you're trapped inside your own head.
0	and jackie secretary clinton is leaving pakistan.
0	that's how i envision a chicken rustling.
0	doug butzier died on duty this week.
0	she was way out in the intersection.
0	that's not actually how work gets done.
0	kim says it's not just anonymous mail.
0	how many nuclear weapons does pakistan have?
0	but they're not conservatives like conservatives want.
0	the 18-hour documentary begins tonight on pbs.
0	so what does a sherpa exactly do?
0	joe is on the line from cincinnati.
0	there are still rights that they have.
0	john mearsheimer let me begin with you.
0	and let me talk for a moment.
0	ronald kessler joins us in a moment.
0	well the first we did two things.
0	you don't really know who's out there.
0	lower-level exposure can cause vomiting and convulsions.
0	and everybody said i will vote no.
0	it's because that interview was so emotional.
0	and a doctor can give them opiates.
0	he'd never really given beer much thought.
0	yeah i think that's a great point.
0	and nice to have you with us.
0	ray is in his red motorized wheelchair.
0	this will not be a one-sided deal.
0	he is seen as not very effective.
0	labour itself has been split over corbyn.
0	ok we'll have to stop it there.
0	that's way too much for a book.
0	and that's how you get that shot.
0	here's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	well each state has banned cockfighting individually.
0	david sedaris lives in new york city.
0	helga hiss is one of those volunteers.
0	so that's where my comments come from.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	yeah the irony of it coming around.
0	what does a back end deal mean?
0	he's talking to swedish war crimes units.
0	because here's how tough the jury was.
0	and that's why they're on the list.
0	tom's with us from aberdeen south dakota.
0	we have three stories in today's show.
0	russ whitehurst is with the brookings institution.
0	leonard is that an option for you?
0	congress takes control and there's no leadership.
0	he explained what it's meant to do.
0	what are you trying to find out?
0	npr's michele norris gives us the play-by-play.
0	national public radio announced layoffs this afternoon.
0	sasha khokha of member station kqed reports.
0	bob bob's calling from grand rapids michigan.
0	how do you describe that general decline?
0	and where did werner come from then?
0	how old were the people who died?
0	and we'll take more of your calls.
0	and that's mostly because it's so sweeping.
0	she's the oldest chukchansi there is now.
0	that is important to you i bet.
0	let's go to sue in anchorage alaska.
0	okay because you're coming in very faint.
0	like yeah you all owe us $10.
0	we didn't even just let indymac collapse.
0	wayne wayne's calling from monteagle in tennessee.
0	we have time for a few questions.
0	jj thanks for coming on the air.
0	it's only fair jim logan told zoe.
0	we would all go on vacations together.
0	howard nice to have you with us.
0	and the government has been doing this.
0	but you know critics of your idea.
0	this is part of kari miller's vision.
0	half of them i'll never cook ever.
0	he told sarah it made no sense.
0	and are there statistics philip on this?
0	i'm jacki lyden in for liane hansen.
0	he had certainly a lot of money.
0	you don't have to have a ph.
0	and i started as a soda jerk.
0	presentation is no small thing when you're.
0	and you made that ice cream cake.
0	but it actually doesn't work like that.
0	wendy kaufman npr news in issaquah washington.
0	that happens with any administration in washington.
0	thank you all and god bless you.
0	school my favorite thing to go to.
0	we will screen through their case loads.
0	you know i have to arrest you.
0	i talked to a student privacy activist.
0	in washington city officials are on board.
0	tell us where you see things improving.
0	and you realize oh he's going inside.
0	track two where are we going next?
0	so the low-hanging fruit have been plucked.
0	right now it's time to ask amy.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	but month by month things got better.
0	i now pronounce you husband and wife.
0	how are you spending this christmas day?
0	it was supposed to be about them.
0	i just   expect them to do it.
0	i actually did want to stick around.
0	he got universal disapproval for the idea.
0	but i have a test for you.
0	and max is calling from concord california.
0	world war ii was such a catastrophe.
0	let's hear from berhani in aurora colorado.
0	how unusual is a showdown like this?
0	what would your response be to that?
0	ok you're going to need that on.
0	sean welcome to talk of the nation.
0	angela welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he said lisker had confessed to him.
0	i mean it's a very regal environment.
0	exactly and i want to be clear.
0	well right now it's almost all gone.
0	he had the ball in his glove.
0	you folks can bring the peace here.
0	imagine a beach ball covered with hair.
0	no. no. no. only kidding only kidding.
0	were you concerned about his emotional welfare?
0	act three put on a happy face.
0	he joins us via skype from munich.
0	none of those are border states obviously.
0	i just can't let my uncle down.
0	well he's always been a public servant.
0	tatiana you are now a fourth grader?
0	yes she soaked her feet in it.
0	or some people would say logical right?
0	of course it won't actually be november.
0	sabrina will dance like an empty tree.
0	and you could have just stayed there.
0	let's see what do we have here?
0	and some sugar yes and some sugar.
0	he wanted to come home after school.
0	and those kids are actually losing ground.
0	now senator mccain talks about small businesses.
0	i didn't think it could be done.
0	my cab driver adonis barkolis in athens.
0	she's high-functioning and wandered away from home.
0	is there are there sympathetic characters here?
0	yes for any democratic candidate since lbj.
0	carl and his wife take out $1600.
0	she campaigns as lieutenant colonel wendy rogers.
0	they have to take more remedial courses.
0	so quickly that it almost seemed planned.
0	they have seen all of our data.
0	emilie parker could light up a room.
0	so where did the cartoon come from?
0	and we appreciate all of your comments.
0	and it's continued for almost 30 years.
0	and that's what administrations have always done.
0	well everybody got the report they wanted.
0	i remember the pulse that was happening.
0	her friends and family call her lulu.
0	benny now lives in new york city.
0	we were worried about the zero option.
0	the section on autism is very accurate.
0	i think that's a false choice frankly.
0	so there was a lot of hope.
0	because all greek indicators were far off.
0	we're talking about really big bucks here.
0	so this has been an educational experience.
0	it is the stability along the border.
0	the words are not in the constitution.
0	you know even nowadays they're still cheesy.
0	it's like the tale of two cities.
0	and my other sister came with me.
0	they were noisy and fussy you know.
0	i look at them and go wow!
0	so the psychiatrist goes and interviews harry.
0	it's great to be with you neal.
0	novelist rebecca makkai has this short story.
0	the others we try to get drunk.
0	and i just thought she was tired.
0	but you asked what should people believe?
0	some people are actually raising their hands.
0	the mayor will need this coalition now.
0	well thanks to all three of you.
0	judge jack presses dr. harron to explain.
0	the latest example democratic congresswoman maxine waters.
0	he's doing a little bit of everything.
0	the answer to the riddle is me.
0	well then what was all that about?
0	curtis the psychologist fully backs the idea.
0	he did everything they said he should.
0	it's the renewal of the kibbutz movement.
0	and those different windows are   basically delays.
0	it creates you know a real mess.
0	i think they do share that confidence.
0	and then they go ho ho ho.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	we assess their ratings of perceived exertion.
0	he is two things: dominant and resilient.
0	i'm hoping that this will pass too.
0	and this 527 who paid for this?
0	so they certainly look into doing it.
0	might more shoes drop before election day?
0	he's getting enough criticism from white voters.
0	one is we transmit information through space.
0	with that you get the hardware performance.
0	so how did brazil get to this?
0	so let's start by talking about money.
0	so we process a lot more information.
0	i think that's why whitey left yeah.
0	i was like wow it's so heavy.
0	i think they were   certainly greatly exaggerated.
0	yes of course a hundred percent yes.
0	there's hardly a mention of the scandal.
0	for example it's not just all hands.
0	i had no relationship with them before.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	yeah i know my brother is positive.
0	new hampshire public radio's josh rogers reports.
0	so i would say it's really tricky.
0	the look and lo came very quickly.
0	you're listening to science friday on npr.
0	the guy ain't going to make it.
0	a lot more quarters to gather yes.
0	a lot more quarters in those machines.
0	so we believe it's been very successful.
0	i don't want to be that guy.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	so there's some of these usual suspects.
0	text and emails can be delivered privately.
0	it takes a few weeks of work.
0	his best friend was shot and killed.
0	you're ready to play i can tell.
0	it's because that interview was so emotional.
0	i'm really scared for him really scared.
0	mercurio says all these messages are confusing.
0	they couldn't go to the local authorities.
0	the valium and haloperidol made me affable.
0	i can't tell you how it happens.
0	and nobody says it to anybody's face.
0	let me switch to another song here.
0	you have multiple children out of wedlock.
0	let's hear from jay sekulow on that.
0	and we know we're better than them.
0	in a minute when our program continues.
0	you know i'm really not that worried.
0	he's going to get a bump there.
0	finance and we can see what's happening.
0	boo-yah it's morning edition from npr news.
0	and she wanted to go with them.
0	a lot of my friends are lds.
0	matt in san jose how are you?
0	why didn't you go to your room?
0	let me ask about another complexity though.
0	who's going to decide which go forward?
0	then we'd have to be in england.
0	i've already gotten another message from him.
0	thank you so much for this show.
0	is he willing to take that risk?
0	he   joined us here in studio 3a.
0	what are the likely areas of disagreement?
0	their talk is now turning into action.
0	what's it like to be there today?
0	so is it worth our international prestige?
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	there's another one of those timeline problems.
0	to me it's about joy and inspiration.
0	she lost to helen bentley in maryland.
0	you know i wasn't heavy or anything.
0	i would agree with him on that.
0	does he bring something to your life?
0	what would you apologize for back then?
0	i am talking about pets- dogs specifically.
0	he points to the tavern's rooftop terrace.
0	you know that's it's not really clear.
0	why did you do what you did?
0	it's a problem in many low-income   countries.
0	is that what you think is happening?
0	it also perverts some of the messages.
0	well we see an instance last month.
0	to toughen him up he told her.
0	she couldn't really remember what had happened.
0	mary frances berry welcome to the program.
0	we're talking today with npr's joe shapiro.
0	the ronald reagan technique put three million.
0	that's throughout the entire life the bridge.
0	up to now we found 26 shipwrecks.
0	at 300-square feet they comfortably sleep four.
0	and so apple had a terrific quarter.
0	do they deserve your vote in 2014?
0	well ferrous sulfate is an iron compound.
0	i'd be willing to pay more taxes.
0	robert with us from vacaville in california.
0	so we go inside to warm up.
0	may the force be with you france.
0	hello are you on the phone still?
0	we'd emailed but we hadn't even spoken.
0	you know people talk about the naacp.
0	the men in the marketplace think so.
0	and it takes you back in time.
0	i'm just climbing into a vehicle here.
0	you'd never do that at the hotel.
0	here's what bill o'reilly had to say.
0	that's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	it is after all youth football season.
0	i had no one to turn to.
0	the guns don't have to be registered.
0	how did you get over being embarrassed?
0	stephanie thanks very much for the call.
0	what i do is call myself whole-life.
0	they once threw glass beads not plastic?
0	it has to be perceived as fair.
0	would you be willing to test it?
0	but she was never again my mother.
0	but again there are failures of love.
0	and i said what's your track record?
0	maybe there's another way to approach this.
0	from member station kwmu tom weber reports.
0	anger comes to health care town halls.
0	you seem to be in great spirits.
0	and before morning she had an idea.
0	this is how he put it david.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	how do make a prediction like that?
0	so they're useful in moments like this.
0	here's npr's lourdes garcia navarro from baghdad.
0	and then i would play it back.
0	it's like it just smells so good.
0	and soon we're back at city hall.
0	you want to know what happened ben?
0	do you not want to do this?
0	no erica you- you need more words.
0	and you know what do you do?
0	i knew i shouldn't be out there.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	first of all they had huge goiters.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	the science committee can't compete with that.
0	he joins me now from los angeles.
0	how would you help the change that?
0	i don't know that it's necessarily serious.
0	you talk about the old big one.
0	chile takes its national dance very seriously.
0	and he says it's working for him.
0	let's talk chuck about the mars society.
0	this is bera's campaign manager josh wolf.
0	everyone's planning to do more of this.
0	clearly poroshenko no friend of vladimir putin.
0	robbie has private insurance through his parents.
0	kennicott god bless him has come back.
0	the opening ante is a million dollars.
0	and during that hour he started wandering.
0	hi john youre calling us dyer indiana.
0	you did it again ted: newt gingrich.
0	richard pryor was a different type comic.
0	i don't even know where to begin.
0	it's a pleasure to be here ira.
0	now he's facing charges of economic crimes.
0	i don't care about sex and everything.
0	so just follow them for a while.
0	blaze was not talking about the healthcare.
0	we've started a whole new feature right?
0	the plan was called operation d minus.
0	now mr. winston let's start with you.
0	or i'm having trouble with my parents.
0	and i was like you know what?
0	by writing with his tongue he reads.
0	not police officers not firefighters not teachers.
0	well and let me make this clear.
0	yes it's salane escalante from winchester virginia.
0	i didn't know how to date casually.
0	and so let's just talk through this.
0	he doubts whether the militants need tutoring.
0	this is all according to dramatics magazine.
0	voting starts in some places this week.
0	it is not about who fathered you.
0	and we said thank you very much.
0	gentlemen thank you both very very much.
0	and so people are making tremendous sacrifices.
0	is this a good idea for them?
0	and i knew her for six hours.
0	and from there he's off and running.
0	it was the berlin crisis in 1961.
0	and it swept across the united states.
0	it was just what she wanted actually.
0	and one of them was charlie rangel.
0	my boyfriend is kind of a sissy.
0	but he is kind of a sissy.
0	there are no good options in iraq.
0	you got to go buy cleaning supplies.
0	no permits to film have been filed.
0	it's told that it must protect civilians.
0	he joins us on the line now.
0	and that process is in high gear.
0	first of all what does that mean?
0	we begin today with the nation's money.
0	he's kind of like your wine shepherd.
0	let's take a phone call or two.
0	and here's your last one: lees l-e-e-s.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. norden.
0	they lost to lincoln by 27 points.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	there's all this snow on the ground.
0	and now in ashkelon ashdod be'er sheva.
0	do you have an isdn there or?
0	this is all that's on the radio.
0	i thank you both for joining us.
0	i basically believe in a higher power.
0	now they are the toast of rio.
0	he had been banging down those doors.
0	he's with the union of concerned scientists.
0	well new bern is 308 years old.
0	we are trying to help each other.
0	this is the port city of beira.
0	what they were is still not clear.
0	it's politics that will solve the problem.
0	they're not telling us what they asked.
0	he suggested i go see a urologist.
0	and i said don't you be ridiculous.
0	craig has changed his story on this.
0	so there was fuel in the tank.
0	that's why we're in victoria right now.
0	hi let's start with the squash game.
0	you know they can't stop promoting themselves.
0	both vas and douglas shelton are obstetrician-gynecologists.
0	like chavez he was a coup plotter.
0	a few weeks later lorrie word quit.
0	as it happens who could figure this?
0	i'm not sure i'm feeling that immediately.
0	it is a pay-on to that idea.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and everybody is using the child soldiers.
0	even though it was a dead number.
0	he has some delegates not a lot.
0	because then this isn't about our fight.
0	well it's sort of up to him.
0	and abe is with us from detroit.
0	then i did the same for him.
0	it's going to look inside of mars.
0	oh no. i'm not a business guy.
0	and if not what could be done?
0	today it's new jersey senator cory booker.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	kendra combs the internet for apartment listings.
0	we've heard that line a couple times.
0	we've refuse to go down that road.
0	however the troops themselves will not change.
0	i object to the criminalization of lying.
0	you must hear the magic word yes.
0	st. catherine laboure was inspected in 1932.
0	harry chose not to take that path.
0	political campaigns used to be karger's business.
0	thanks to you both for coming in.
0	we have a right to work law.
0	these are grown men playing a game.
0	but then maybe she wouldn't have quit.
0	at first officials did not want this.
0	but now yeah we have to change.
0	the government has committed money to it.
0	an alien ship landed on mars today.
0	you just need google and a dream.
0	there is a tremendous amount of confusion.
0	reverend jesse jackson says go obama go.
0	police have been   breaking up poker tournaments.
0	they went there to look for evidence.
0	gayle what do you say about this?
0	they put economic pressure on these states.
0	okay putney is not your typical school.
0	i guess props included fake concrete pieces.
0	it looks a deranged second-grader's craft project.
0	that's the term in the actual statute.
0	he worries that trap-neuter-return programs aren't helping.
0	you know the public sauna is closed.
0	i still write her letters and everything.
0	or on the part of other countries?
0	remember i told you swallow the ice.
0	so two things could happen for him.
0	it's like the opposite of a wire.
0	the tv is always turned on here.
0	what we're doing is all at home.
0	remember roland isn't the only cost involved.
0	at the moment they are broad goals.
0	he's the one with the last word.
0	attendees met for just a few minutes.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	do you consider yourself a brave person?
0	we've really become an energy conscience bunch.
0	do you consider yourself a patriotic person?
0	how many people live in dime box?
0	we talked about chinese nationalism chris johnson.
0	thank you very much for your time.
0	and what do we know about them?
0	what is the context for these attacks?
0	for npr news i'm monica ortiz uribe.
0	it was haymaker well haymaker gas field.
0	remember joe camel and the marlboro man?
0	no not at all quite the contrary.
0	well hillary clinton won the big prize.
0	tomorrow maybe i don't have a job.
0	humberto palomares teaches at a local college.
0	and hello to you from here jacki.
0	what about the democrat here doug jones?
0	and it's changing a lot of things.
0	hopefully the next year you do better.
0	so i just ran to that spot.
0	yeah i mean that's what we found.
0	it's kind of lost in the details.
0	and you know the people are increasing.
0	either on the phone or attending events.
0	let's go ahead and start with susan.
0	we had a technical problem right there.
0	melissa block npr news rio de janeiro.
0	and we told them yes it's live.
0	what is leading to these high sales?
0	that changed when he became a coach.
0	for npr news i'm sarah jane tribble.
0	email hacking has become a real threat.
0	and the traffic is bumper to bumper.
0	they were not going to the germans.
0	wayne yobachi la shawn thanks a lot.
0	most of the polls have closed yes.
0	they're working on careers and starting families.
0	it was way back in the mid-'90s.
0	you know so i'm kind of grateful.
0	so men do you want to know?
0	that's what many people are calling for.
0	so there and john mccain in arizona.
0	we don't allow jargon on this program.
0	on the flip side insane clown posse.
0	with the vikings and then the cardinals.
0	and why is it being done now?
0	so allen consulted with the 94-year-old author.
0	i have one last question for you.
0	ramona was the pest the well-intentioned trouble-maker.
0	which was what they were used to.
0	it's an assumption that most people have.
0	so hence this story with the suit.
0	and finally our senior producer julie snyder.
0	people who have parking tickets being towed.
0	is there a way to do that?
0	everything is as it has to be.
0	they go to school in the city.
0	we also have kirtland air force base.
0	but that's unlikely to end anytime soon.
0	and the doc said yeah that's great.
0	it's called weekends on all things considered.
0	that's the way our brain is constructed.
0	i understand the severity of my crime.
0	i guess you could say that yeah.
0	and i've been clean ever since then.
0	what we need is good community-based treatment.
0	now you were a troubled kid yourself.
0	it leads to limb weakness and paralysis.
0	it's just very sort of obvious things.
0	maybe even to have a medical license.
0	now how close is that to you?
0	well you can give me the analysis.
0	and now that it's here it's entrenched.
0	he's very ambitious and he's very tenacious.
0	they make it into a film right?
0	i mean he's grown and he's fabulous.
0	so then everybody's in the snake house.
0	which is much simpler as a thing.
0	a microsievert is a dose of radiation.
0	what she owes just might amaze you.
0	he wears glasses and a wispy beard.
0	well i'm not going to say that.
0	they were holding you for well what?
0	the way it happened was pretty ugly.
0	ta oyate duta is not a coward.
0	tom thanks very much for the call.
0	so let me briefly describe this photo.
0	there are other versions of the story.
0	maybe 250 people she says maybe fewer.
0	aarti shahani reports from member station kqed.
0	there's absolutely nothing shifty about dr. timberlake.
0	we do that all the time though.
0	we do hope you'll keep in touch.
0	i'm a longtime npr listener and donor.
0	it would fit into the npr lineup.
0	that's npr's senior news analyst ted koppel.
0	and so that would be one thing.
0	he took a very strongly pro-israel stance.
0	wait i don't get the final line.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	i was like yeah ok you know?
0	this is too loud for my ears.
0	but how just obedient is completely obedient?
0	we'll get to that in a minute.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	whoa that had nice arc to it.
0	ray welcome to talk of the nation.
0	i don't know what the outcome is.
0	kevin welcome to talk of the nation.
0	let's start with kevin in blakely georgia.
0	i'm going to please go ahead bill.
0	flora did you want to say something?
0	i think yes thank you for that.
0	and i was like i'm not going.
0	her parents and some of their friends.
0	and you actually kind of addressed this.
0	from wbez chicago it's this american life.
0	i panicked as we were touching down.
0	but to the family it's a curse.
0	i can tell because it's too thick.
0	but honestly it wouldn't change the decision.
0	it finally came to me this morning.
0	but they don't really have compatible capabilities.
0	and how do you actually do this?
0	he's going to cooperstown you're going home.
0	sherry you're on talk of the nation.
0	how do you think it'll go over?
0	it was a beautifully clear blue sky.
0	sir i have one id on me.
0	actually two extra larges and pepperoni rolls.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	i was not a part of that.
0	but nutter's far different than john street.
0	and let's start with you azadeh moaveni.
0	but it was also a new beginning.
0	they accused the republicans of playing politics.
0	the plan she told gordon was this.
0	now we're getting back to my sound.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we're talking about iran's president mahmoud ahmadinejad.
0	we're talking about iran's president mahmoud ahmadinejad.
0	it's just it must feel so defeating.
0	he was sentenced to death by hanging.
0	interest rates on student loans will   increase.
0	never mind his refugee status in australia.
0	and i think it's been incredibly effective.
0	i didn't talk too much about it.
0	as a teen he'd survived   two lynchings.
0	i mean are you ready for that?
0	inside a small group of women kneel.
0	this was their country's first-ever olympic medal.
0	first of all i didn't have time.
0	i didn't think i had the time.
0	i've never done that kind of work.
0	mandalit del barco npr news los angeles.
0	hardly wear anything that's the key too.
0	that wasn't my understanding of don't pursue.
0	we're talking about don't ask don't tell.
0	that was gene wolski of henrico va.
0	they had to ground the whole fleet.
0	so this is deeply a political battle.
0	you know he's just like ramping up.
0	npr's legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg reports.
0	this is the recipe for upward mobility.
0	the same thing happens with the flag.
0	and boy could they promote a match.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	brian forest of lynchburg virginia wrote in.
0	well i mean you know you're here.
0	or you think about fox news network.
0	npr's kelly mcevers paid him a visit.
0	and so i thought this is great.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	well the opposition is incensed about it.
0	you know we don't know for sure.
0	oh you're doing this to me again?
0	the chairman of the foreign relations committee.
0	i think he got paid for it.
0	we'll talk about how we measure time.
0	so you start to say well ok.
0	and this program has had great growth.
0	and that says something about the future.
0	and keli goff political correspondent for theroot.
0	how do you square those two things?
0	have you done anything like this before?
0	later the president said i need loyalty.
0	so certainly he is keeping his promise.
0	this is seen as a bellwether race.
0	this is ferdinand in san antonio texas.
0	i have a connection with native americans.
0	we have to keep the   pressure on.
0	well you got up after me today.
0	life's usual grey is almost entirely absent.
0	we've got to bring the party together.
0	i'm not trying to hurt her feelings.
0	oil companies in california have a secret.
0	if necessary we shall do it again.
0	you write constitutions you help democratic forces.
0	he has a real gift for languages.
0	in jeddah it's about the annual flood.
0	it does not make you oscar wilde.
0	some of them are old pre-roe laws.
0	a geography paper is due at noon.
0	and also the and also the group.
0	oh bigger protest on friday you think.
0	hong kong is marking a holiday today.
0	he left an suv full of clues.
0	venture capitalism we like vulture capitalism no.
0	the rats' primary water source was gone.
0	this tsunami they're terrified of another tsunami.
0	much of what you've heard is accurate.
0	tell us a little bit about him.
0	and finally he stops me one day.
0	i seem to be avoiding the topic.
0	and that was larger than anyone expected.
0	he was raised by a single mother.
0	i was allergic to my guinea pig.
0	who learned more today you or them?
0	and it looked like a tiny house.
0	from what i've seen certainly the economy.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	yes i do have a quick question.
0	he joined me today from tucson arizona.
0	joe liske is on the research team.
0	what sorts of things do you sell?
0	is there a similar program in texas?
0	and that's where the rpg came through.
0	and those could be of any nationality.
0	suddenly i felt a sense of duty.
0	he's a libyan comedian in portland ore.
0	so i had to rent a house.
0	is your business showing a profit yet?
0	jobs are a big issue there too.
0	she'll say what kind do you want?
0	she didn't realize how great she was.
0	and i'm proud of myself for it.
0	and we shouldn't take it for granted.
0	domenico always a pleasure talking with you.
0	let's bring another voice into the conversation.
0	it's great to be back with you.
0	how long would it wait to speak?
0	i mean i got email press inquiries.
0	for matin bek this is a mission.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	rolling back regulation is good for business.
0	and then the going really got tough.
0	it could be that they're entirely irrelevant.
0	you remember yesterday's senate intelligence committee hearing.
0	we were eating bags of potato chips.
0	pre-katrina st. augustine parish had 200 parishioners.
0	to the hondurans it seemed surprisingly easy.
0	the you know it's a different system.
0	this one has a pretty memorable intro.
0	and it kind of freaked me out.
0	now romney's fall campaign begins in earnest.
0	this has not always been the case.
0	i would love to meet piney's doctors.
0	this case i guess we're blaming google.
0	he ruined it for all of us.
0	i mean i'm a pretty mild person.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	so then what happened to those families?
0	he's on the line from strongville ohio.
0	they came in with their own prejudices.
0	and sometimes you do the right thing.
0	they needed to develop the atom bomb.
0	well this is i think especially good.
0	and she didn't want to do that.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	no i'd like to leave that in.
0	she spoke with our own renee montagne.
0	many of them will close their doors.
0	my pleasure and happy new year neal.
0	phil's a die-hard liberal an atheist pro-choice.
0	there's an old school on the left.
0	some dakota killed every settler they saw.
0	we really thought we'd done something good.
0	so i think that's part of it.
0	but that's not going to stop her.
0	not only did they lie to me.
0	they were walking away from their homes.
0	people were under water in their homes.
0	and there's probably some green-washing going on.
0	i couldn't imagine not having clean water.
0	i mean she mentions brit and kev.
0	that's the magic and that's the secret.
0	i am not one or the other.
0	it was also possibly the most hazardous.
0	see there you go there you go.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	they believe i believe the wrong things.
0	andy is calling us from toledo ohio.
0	i saw some of the boats myself.
0	the original crime may be bad enough.
0	dana thanks very much for the call.
0	his father recently retired from the military.
0	how experienced are they in going up.
0	and given that is this ultimately cool?
0	and the title of the book is?
0	i think they're looking for new arguments.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	tax day this year's tuesday the 18.
0	looking on stanford residence dean arcadio morales.
0	would they lose money under this plan?
0	they weigh between 38 and 44 pounds.
0	here she is with phil the liberal.
0	i wondered if that was still true.
0	so thank you very much tom o'brian.
0	an adult population is actually considered high-risk.
0	it's called the interim haitian reconstruction commission.
0	why are you throwing away your life?
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	so she's well ahead of the game.
0	i mean he was a good kid.
0	it's a question of courage and integrity.
0	we have debt going for   the war.
0	and i said no later i can't.
0	nice to talk with you today too.
0	murray thanks very much for your time.
0	and medicine takes this very very seriously.
0	but i didn't feel good about it.
0	i need five upperclassmen over here quick.
0	it was a different connotation altogether there.
0	it's a marine term for infantry troops.
0	i don't have mark zuckerberg telling me.
0	i mean how wide was the disparity?
0	dan looked at climate justice in cleveland.
0	what are the neurobiological effects of trauma?
0	i could use some anti-despair climate energy.
0	thanks very much for having me guy.
0	on this day the place is packed.
0	siberia would be his area of expertise.
0	ned price can i jump in there?
0	but those microbes silver mentions are tricky.
0	it threw their lives into disarray too.
0	well we're honored to be with you.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you don't want to single anyone out.
0	i'm embarrassed we lost this football game.
0	you know it's been a long week.
0	and that's what i have to do.
0	what do you think about that notion?
0	none of them looked or felt right.
0	inside olanna something calcified leaped to life.
0	well let's leave it there for today.
0	now i'm no no no. you're not.
0	tell us a little bit about him.
0	even president barack obama recommended the book.
0	teach your kids not to tease others.
0	he brought back   a lot of opium.
0	this is the wrong place for that.
0	he co-hosts planet money's the indicator podcast.
0	number one bet b-e-t and jinx j-i-n-x.
0	and what's the plan if we haven't?
0	this is the indicator from planet money.
0	where do you come down on that?
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	let's go next another caller from kentucky.
0	so i think that things are changing.
0	and it's time to hear your comments.
0	but in obama's case he obviously hasn't.
0	this email from christine in volcano california.
0	and then the president issues a finding.
0	his family has ranched here for generations.
0	so the analysis was an old analysis.
0	i mean it's cold right now right?
0	i'm very happy you felt that way.
0	guys i live alone and it's great.
0	and the goals come fast and furious.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	he has held this position since 1973.
0	and did the process start almost immediately?
0	some people swear by the golf channel.
0	you see that your cause is just.
0	so we know that it's quite impairing.
0	but mayor jon mitchell remembers it well.
0	well what specifically are you worried about?
0	we're all little people to be crushed.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	tim could articulate what many players couldn't.
0	they knew his life was in danger.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the other was arrested on saturday morning.
0	for me the shift has been post-weinstein.
0	will what do you have for laurie?
0	there's the move to october and this.
0	you see how far that goes too.
0	from harvest public media peggy lowe explains.
0	suzanne thanks very much for the call.
0	they've been speaking out on social media.
0	and what are you going to say?
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	that's what living in syria is like.
0	he's here with his friend sultan ali.
0	that was the intent a year ago.
0	what did you think of this hearing?
0	yes virtually everybody is insured against hurricanes.
0	day to day continues in a moment.
0	we know that mcgahn has been cooperating.
0	and so i just came in anyway.
0	it's like having two 12-year-olds say hello.
0	all of these comments come from republicans.
0	and from there her career took off.
0	i'm just going through the alphabet yeah.
0	hester calls that winning the trace lottery.
0	i know why the paged bird sings.
0	elizabeth fielder of member station whyy reports.
0	how far back do flag pins go?
0	it's music   he learned from his father.
0	i mean it was definitely full disclosure.
0	if you call they might actually help.
0	it was a payment ok'd by blatter.
0	thanks for joining us on political corner.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he's not competitive at all is he?
0	you lived in cuba as an adult.
0	this shouldn't be part of our politics.
0	it's got buck singing his brains out.
0	he's shaking and smoking and clearly traumatized.
0	well it's too late for that now.
0	so explain how the arctic apple works.
0	you know usually thing's a pyramid right?
0	this slaughter of innocents evoked international outrage.
0	that compares the 3,111 murders in 2010.
0	then the lender would keep getting payments.
0	inauguration day was in march back then.
0	why are you involved in this movement?
0	the government has to deal with al-sadr.
0	it's a pleasure to be with you.
0	it is really hard to live here.
0	martin luther king   the prophet of it.
0	he's been a palestinian negotiator for decades.
0	some are up and some are down.
0	asma why don't you get us started?
0	bishop smith welcome to day to day.
0	many people have seen this cellphone video.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	we've got another listener favorite from 2008.
0	it's called the credit default swap business.
0	let's go to steve in chico california.
0	i was going for umbrella but okay.
0	would that increase his ratings probably not.
0	the driver is blaring his soviet tunes.
0	the indigo girls they love will shortz.
0	she was a bona fide freedom fight.
0	make healthy changes for the whole family.
0	and let's bring in npr's domenico montanaro.
0	and now i know it's a riot.
0	let's bring another voice into the conversation.
0	he says marijuana smoke irritates his allergies.
0	howard berkes npr news salt lake city.
0	so many people were watching the olympics.
0	i watch some gymnastics and some swimming.
0	brahimi's going to be in the middle.
0	i'm not a sports girl at all.
0	so it cost in total about $5,000.
0	it worked the other way around too.
0	and these people are earning good money.
0	this isn't just about obama versus trump.
0	this was this week about the olympics.
0	her husband is msnbc host chris matthews.
0	just look out of the train window.
0	so i found some of their mechanics.
0	it's kind of falling apart in parts.
0	and i think he should be punished.
0	lebanon is a non-state to their north.
0	and then she sang it to us.
0	but your honor no one is objecting.
0	richard alley is at penn state university.
0	of course because they become bigger today.
0	this could happen within a few weeks.
0	why is the situation there so bad?
0	the white anglo had their own sound.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	no it's not really a true statement.
0	they're like the usain bolt of norway.
0	the images included both grown-ups and babies.
0	advertising on the cars pays the freight.
0	i'm going to go with another product.
0	and that car was killed by gm.
0	number two is c-h plus lies l-i-e-s.
0	whitney is a navy wife in maryland.
0	how is this story playing in china?
0	well he said wait for the report.
0	that is what i call untransparent policy.
0	i think there's a lot to that.
0	joined now by howard bryant of espn.
0	i mean the economy there has collapsed.
0	the rest of you can ignore that.
0	he explained who he was talking to.
0	that's   when i became the trailer king.
0	they did so totally on their own.
0	that is a great concern to us.
0	that's an independent government organization in manila.
0	and i've just had a wonderful time.
0	and it would only build from there.
0	he's been covering the story for reuters.
0	wouldn't that be a better cooler movie?
0	it's largely sunni but it's not only.
0	well chris murphy is a congressman there.
0	who's fighting the masks kids or parents?
0	in the early 1990s grunge was king.
0	you know i was happily a musician.
0	he was a mainstay in the community.
0	so much to ask you about here.
0	we'll have to monitor this very closely.
0	so ayesha what is on your mind?
0	that's a fairly large plate to coordinate.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	the bad though is it's probably twofold.
0	ardent politicians were led to shed tears.
0	that has yet to be worked out.
0	the pace is going to pick up.
0	we are three years into the conflict.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	now nobody seems able to find him.
0	we're talking with political junkie ken rudin.
0	they wanted to make a good impression.
0	california's is the highest in the country.
0	his son tom is his main reporter.
0	we've got a long weekend this weekend.
0	we've come here today with chuck fager.
0	ok it didn't get it international whatever.
0	and now a primer on presidential elections.
0	i have nothing more to lose now.
0	sentiment is authentic feeling that's been earned.
0	he believed the stars are our destiny.
0	listen i've got a deal with this.
0	each of their husbands used a gun.
0	here is senator bill cassidy of louisiana.
0	and i've been in some earthquakes before.
0	they released him and that's an injustice.
0	sure there are going to be winners.
0	he has a cast on his arm.
0	iwe'll let that go for a minute.
0	he died at the age of 68.
0	and it's not just about collective bargaining.
0	so it was at lexington and concord.
0	this is lady bird johnson's audio diary.
0	a declaration of solidarity made sense then.
0	his superiors started filing complaints about him.
0	but what has president-elect obama been saying?
0	they have weird bones compared to mammals.
0	i have suffered from insomnia for years.
0	they opened 19 investigations into hazardous material.
0	say this is a campaign finance violation.
0	how do you juggle both of these?
0	rice was formerly on the chevron board.
0	lin oliver knows everything about children's literature.
0	so they knew they wasn't going nowhere.
0	how do you get to the person?
0	some have left on their own voluntarily.
0	men of every color class and age.
0	it has sort of stagnated my business.
0	firsthand because they were in that building.
0	i was so worried about the chocola.
0	come on let me get a t-shirt.
0	greenwald calls it a reverse bradley effect.
0	he ended up in the big house.
0	what was the purpose of that question?
0	but stanley was a crooked little bastard.
0	i talked to friends in support groups.
0	and he's been so great i mean.
0	they think they have the needed votes.
0	these are the effects it might have.
0	they cannot send their kids to school.
0	what kind of stuff would he do?
0	so he was putting on massa again?
0	this minister's going to die isn't he?
0	we need to think of another way.
0	and   in many ways he was right.
0	christmas trees can generate a good return.
0	sandra dixon is looking forward to that.
0	mr. mandil thanks for being with us.
0	so that was what his argument was.
0	it's home to the navy's fifth fleet.
0	that could get you into trouble there.
0	how did you get involved in this?
0	you would find that an appealing ticket?
0	yeah but you know what it's excuses.
0	well i will say this candi staton.
0	that's not a curse that's a blessing.
0	he got a slice of the pie.
0	these folks live and do battle online.
0	it doesn't look like much is happening.
0	so here's the question of the week.
0	that's the that's our bee gees right?
0	we need to do something about it.
0	it definitely is something i'm concerned about.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	oh i'm sorry about that flight attendant.
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	let's go to richard in dayton tennessee.
0	were you surprised that they were surprised?
0	nevertheless the tribal structure is very important.
0	here's providence teachers union president steve smith.
0	we're seeing this in case after case.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but i think we can do it.
0	what do you say though to afghans?
0	however other speakers urged more confrontational tactics.
0	the following morning that record was broken.
0	we appreciate you talking about your reporting.
0	well i think really it was frustration.
0	i don't want to finalize my answer.
0	i was already pretty busy and overextended.
0	i think it's going to get better.
0	you just relax and fly with me.
0	that's something dina has been searching for.
0	she says yeah the tone has changed.
0	for them their wallets are slammed shut.
0	so the balkanization of american history right?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	well i mean ultimately the pakistanis win.
0	and i follow events there very closely.
0	it's called adventure on a bad night.
0	sidney maybe you want to go first.
0	and how are people responding to this?
0	the cars are still the same too.
0	gets about 50 miles to the gallon.
0	thorborg is a tioga county housing specialist.
0	sleeping with someone you just met check.
0	they are speculators trading with other speculators.
0	is this anything like charlottesville last year?
0	as a day trader every second counts.
0	his bank is on the conservative side.
0	and it's pretty embarrassing for the hare.
0	lauren sommer of member station kqed reports.
0	well this is the national coffee day.
0	he spoke with us from vicksburg   mississippi.
0	i still go to church on sunday.
0	gradually the state began to raise contributions.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	yeah well i wouldn't call it that.
0	i don't think that's a culture conservative.
0	well this is a very big deal.
0	and they were championed by grace mugabe.
0	and how did you figure it out?
0	are we talking color or green environmental?
0	thank you so much and merry christmas.
0	i currently drive a 2006 mustang convertible.
0	do we just give up on it?
0	tell me what you mean by that.
0	it's really really really a big problem.
0	thanks big time for taking my call.
0	now this is a regular cadillac right?
0	there is suffering all over the world.
0	it floods when it rains in here?
0	on the river the day is warming.
0	and she's right they'll never be replaced.
0	the students call their school santee high.
0	our engineer this week is adam staniszewski.
0	he built it the israeli defense forces.
0	the fact is israel is a democracy.
0	what did you hear in the speech?
0	i don't think that's undoubted at all.
0	he drew a new map of cuba.
0	that's one of the reasons we ranch.
0	i'm a retired auto and truck mechanic.
0	they love to shoot in abandoned buildings.
0	i mean are these descriptions on target?
0	i think that it would be awesome.
0	it's people who may lose their homes.
0	have you spoken with any of them?
0	police say he was holding a gun.
0	i lived in california at the time.
0	it's devastating for it not to be.
0	they dipped into this a great deal.
0	that's helped fuel those rumors about poisoning.
0	i had a question for the senator.
0	let's turn to you aaron david miller.
0	i work on brand-new japanese performance vehicles.
0	and food was a reminder of home.
0	maybe he's waiting to give an interview.
0	ari this was a simply awesome day.
0	anthony thanks for the report from chicago.
0	you don't have to finish the sentence.
0	people are doing a little bit better.
0	there's already been an increased police presence.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	okay david thank you for your question.
0	there's a play called thewhat's it called?
0	they had a puckish sense of humor.
0	i'm always worried about my own safety.
0	she joined us here in studio 3a.
0	and i recommend people check it out.
0	some are offering to sell bus tickets.
0	but for the most part you're inside.
0	well he's making a bit of history.
0	i found an opportunity within a month.
0	i have to turn and come back.
0	we'll be at the end of february.
0	i would say two things about that.
0	did you know her before and after?
0	boyd county has fewer than 2,000 residents.
0	and i said no you tell me.
0	georgia congressman john lewis endorsed hillary clinton.
0	keep doing what you love to do.
0	but i think it's more than that.
0	a catastrophe this large cannot happen overnight.
0	russell thanks very much for the call.
0	and we can take from that what?
0	it's unclear if intrade's shutdown is permanent.
0	npr's deborah amos is in new york.
0	he's been very late to address it.
0	america has a rather dark history here.
0	oh no i've got a fourth grader.
0	critics claim it's all a big smokescreen.
0	we're going to take a quick break.
0	i think hillary clinton broke that barrier.
0	cassius clay is played by eli goree.
0	but instead he brought in st. augustine.
0	we will get through this together together.
0	figuring we all know this by now?
0	and i could go on and on.
0	his fingers were completely stained with tobacco.
0	president bush says no to the idea.
0	so like be nice to us again.
0	wal-mart is the biggest thing in town.
0	we need nonracial institutions of higher education.
0	well it started in 1920 but it.
0	we've learned again that democracy is precious.
0	the science just simply is not there.
0	i'm saying there's nothing wrong with that.
0	but also what's so wrong with that?
0	this week the nobel prizes were announced.
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	they would be dressed for the gods.
0	this is what economists are telling us.
0	the key always is can they deliver?
0	and what if we need to recount?
0	i think jennifer's observations are fairly typical.
0	yeah i think that's fair to say.
0	back inside jenin mohammed zakarni is demoralized.
0	it's the right thing for our economy.
0	so i see what you're getting at.
0	and then i go down to lunch.
0	so i started eating the entire apple.
0	oh it's because i'm sitting all day.
0	ayanna snead remembers the previous inauguration well.
0	look at the numbers before the surge.
0	is this going to happen to me?
0	i'm 39 and a half years old.
0	you could get body aches muscle aches.
0	you know it is a bleak assessment.
0	some of them were very very close.
0	we did have some wanted posters yes.
0	well thank you very much dr. belhasen.
0	and he was apparently sensitive to that.
0	it's like a little village isn't it?
0	let's listen to how petraeus put it.
0	he sleeps like his older brother now.
0	any reaction from the college board people?
0	what are you thinking about so far?
0	with his right hand on his rifle.
0	so i think that's a bit extreme.
0	you know it's not happening a lot.
0	it's not expected to be the last.
0	we have virtually no 24-hour shifts now.
0	companies like logitech make them computer manufacturers.
0	and we've oh one would be enough.
0	you were talking about just do it.
0	ten thousand of which were from america.
0	so it's a lot to take in.
0	well you two are a good team.
0	ok tor is always in the middle.
0	a soft yellow glow pervades every scene.
0	i kind of like left a mark.
0	it is now california's second-biggest fire ever.
0	barnaba had caught the coach's eye again.
0	that it can stay on your skin.
0	this is what his ad sounds like.
0	some opposition leaders have fled the country.
0	any preview of those results for tomorrow?
0	it's just like president and vice president.
0	it's conductivity for thermal and electrical transmission.
0	is this affecting the wider immigration debate?
0	do it in time to my metaphor.
0	hi this is marcel calling from lafayette.
0	and that's what's so fascinating about it.
0	were we talking about me playing instruments?
0	you know it also should be noted.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	ramers says san diego county did that.
0	they just want to read james patterson.
0	kenneth opitto manages tullow's field operations here.
0	she mentioned teen pregnancy materialism the internet.
0	and of course i paid him back.
0	johnson was tested in very different settings.
0	i don't think it's going to work.
0	you insisted that we stop for sushi.
0	after school i go to gospel choir.
0	she sang every christmas oh holy night.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	j vaccine is not a lesser vaccine.
0	and it makes mr. kelly look worse.
0	now they make it with phosphoric acid.
0	chris arnold happily employed at npr news.
0	i mean it's a totally lopsided picture.
0	we don't have a say per se.
0	and there are many advertisements like that.
0	that's what music is supposed to do.
0	that would be one explanation i suppose.
0	you know the peta folks were white.
0	i feel like there's a vampire there.
0	it's also driven by governor ralph northam.
0	some say homeowners don't return their calls.
0	sue why don't you start us off?
0	the pentagon got a deferment for them.
0	but in molecular cuisine this is fine.
0	you have to just turn it off.
0	you have the u.s. sanctions mismanagement corruption.
0	people from nearby wanted to be helpful.
0	here's peggy lowe of member station kcur.
0	i mean of course they did nell.
0	and ultimately a federal jury convicted him.
0	like why is football worth the risk?
0	what do feminist groups expect from him?
0	i'd moved out of my parents' house.
0	tell me where you are on graham-cassidy.
0	you have the blood-brain barrier you're saying?
0	and the women respond this is why.
0	i think that the government would win.
0	and their acronym in french is cran.
0	no he didn't but i wanted to.
0	i mean rape happened to boys too.
0	but this government collapse is particularly ominous.
0	it doesn't end the way   you'd expect.
0	no one is going out of town.
0	and that's a lovely image of unity.
0	but joining us now is harry korrell.
0	and what are they asking specifically for?
0	these horses they are just gentle giants.
0	peter morgan appreciate your time as well.
0	what about the puerto rican government itself?
0	again you have a very autocratic regime.
0	i believe that god is still working.
0	that is really the call of faith.
0	she's a postdoctoral fellow at columbia university.
0	it's got to be a livable wage.
0	she was pregnant and not by him.
0	today we caught up with david axelrod.
0	to date we have administered 12762 doses.
0	i am not in the first year.
0	that's anya kamenetz of npr's ed team.
0	harry thanks very much for the call.
0	give us more all the vaccine timestamps.
0	i mean it's a less dangerous sport.
0	now she works at another nursing home.
0	it's in another   place in the zoo.
0	the jamie danger show at wynmoor village.
0	they are helping to investigate the tragedy.
0	he's a former director of central intelligence.
0	the polls taxes are no longer used.
0	fair game i think everybody would say.
0	then he doesn't get blamed for it.
0	yes i am currently a recent graduate.
0	he actually performs better on election night.
0	and i just thought oh my god.
0	they were totally unsuited to each other.
0	her pregnant mother fled first to turkey.
0	if they untie how do they untie?
0	it's not just you know our parakeet.
0	does this happen often it's this   high?
0	china has an enormous vaccine production capacity.
0	we're members of wnyc in new york.
0	that sometimes surprises a lot of people.
0	as for peter meehan's 30-page ramen recipe.
0	so a visual inspection was not useful.
0	let's go to kendall in accokeek maryland.
0	he diminishes everybody who works for him.
0	let me let's talk about mercury first.
0	there's 40 members known as the immortals.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	it will have their colors their logo.
0	on the red carpet camera shutters click.
0	that puts american exporters at a disadvantage.
0	some of them are just blatantly illegal.
0	i needed to see them helping reacting.
0	i can't say that i necessarily disagree.
0	then i'd come in and record it.
0	and check out our blog at npr.
0	khazzafi says the shelling continued until mid-afternoon.
0	i had to go see a therapist.
0	adjusting to a culture in this case.
0	i see three sectors now doing better.
0	so i'm very conflicted at this point.
0	and have maintained friendships to this day.
0	you play percussion in an afro-beat band.
0	do you do you have a favorite?
0	and so the house is voting today.
0	they made all sorts of wonderful things.
0	dan is this remarkable psychologist at harvard.
0	trinea would usually be on the table.
0	and what the caller says is right.
0	so i've lived here all my life.
0	and it was built with private money.
0	and dr. norton why the big change?
0	npr's lucian kim for us from moscow.
0	i call it in the book am-brus-twerp.
0	it was a huge blunder says wolff.
0	and i can make you into stars.
0	chuck macdonald says he went for gingrich.
0	there's a lot at stake for europe.
0	maybe they don't care maybe they're busy.
0	so it's like what do you mean?
0	it's all to do with the handling.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so what do you want to ask?
0	you don't have to name the governor.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he gave a very aggressive inaugural address.
0	yeah that strikes me as exactly right.
0	and he raised his hand in salute.
0	so the unions are all about safety.
0	i feel like i know the voice.
0	there's certainly a laundry list but anyway.
0	they used to go into medical research.
0	their relationship is both creepy and tender.
0	that's very nice of james to call.
0	good luck to you and your husband.
0	being called articulate falls into that category.
0	it costs money to do the telethons.
0	so far it seems to be working.
0	gary is with us from campbell california.
0	and that's the basis of this project.
0	and i had fawcett's letters with me.
0	it's a tragedy to the entire country.
0	how much is a young woman worth?
0	i have always admired   the comic strip.
0	we thought marriage would solve the problem.
0	homer's work is not an antiwar screed.
0	rachael and her husband they're reformed baptists.
0	joshua h. cohen is a talented writer.
0	i've heard from a lot of independents.
0	thanks very much for the call jerry.
0	it's been quite an emotional rollercoaster ride.
0	and he said what did he do?
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	oh i think you'd better sell it.
0	if only they had ridden their bikes.
0	well it is in my house but.
0	i'm just telling you my opinions   ok?
0	i was going for pearls of wisdom.
0	number one is the washington d.c. region.
0	even the u.n. left the green zone.
0	and it's going to need 60 votes.
0	our story takes place in selma ala.
0	but it was two completely different worldviews.
0	news cameras click click click click click.
0	i listen to it most every day.
0	the first one is the age crisis.
0	yeah it's not exactly warm and congenial.
0	well we hope we won't get stopped.
0	big nba news this week of course.
0	that was mike reinholdt of davenport iowa.
0	it's no secret why people love it.
0	tracy welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he battled against conservative supreme court nominees.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	no your baby will look like you.
0	we beat costa rica four-to-one or four-nothing.
0	my mother's family all came from wales.
0	our theme music is by paul brill.
0	deborah amos npr news in southern turkey.
0	but nobody has ever said we're perfect.
0	mark starr are the argentineans well set?
0	snell would like to be an anesthesiologist.
0	we play you a track you react.
0	i'm doing activities that are fairly boring.
0	tran designed the plant to be self-sufficient.
0	well they did caught us by surprise.
0	you know and so they might work.
0	tim says football gave him the disease.
0	that's reporter john otis in bogota colombia.
0	and here's what the prime minister said.
0	that was reserved for the white drivers.
0	i just wanted peanut butter and jelly.
0	and whitey bulger kept his head down.
0	like he would never touch our daughter.
0	and there was research in captive groups.
0	let's go to eric in daytona florida.
0	climate change i was just in copenhagen.
0	actually things did change starting that year.
0	thanks very much for coming in today.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	things were going great until they weren't.
0	here's kimberly samuels in her own words.
0	this is from constanza in wellington florida.
0	erica welcome to talk of the nation.
0	very universal themed very common parenting situations.
0	but that would be the tony part.
0	and the thing is we've shown up.
0	delighted to be back thank you ira.
0	so they immediately started recouping that money.
0	that's tomorrow on talk of   the nation.
0	but it's all improvised music you know.
0	first let's just set the scene here.
0	chilieheads of america you can exhale now.
0	but the minority cannot terrorize the majority.
0	but i don't think he does anymore.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	will thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	and even with you know the ph.
0	but just briefly i mean could it?
0	law is about the reasoning the proving.
0	but as a banker dang you know?
0	the world is full of unfortunate architecture.
0	notice what detective munford is doing here.
0	but there's something lovely about thinking hard.
0	you have to go through dna testing.
0	even his appointment to the supreme court.
0	and sometimes that gets him in trouble.
0	only god has more skills than larry.
0	tom goldman npr news rio de janeiro.
0	what seems to be confusing about it?
0	why so many bible movies in 2014?
0	the census person was like really perplexed.
0	the demand for our services is considerable.
0	that is why i am not voting.
0	the drugs or something it's always free.
0	he once worked as a maserati mechanic.
0	madame bhutto was twice pakistani prime minister.
0	you're looking for sort of raw material.
0	but de blasio is defending his travels.
0	the fda is holding back a little.
0	for more we turn to bruce oppenheimer.
0	he's also a farmer in baskerville virginia.
0	in 2004 we made $25 billion net.
0	so let's start with a little scenario.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. rubin.
0	all right so something to keep watching.
0	let's go to anita in sunnyvale california.
0	here's premier li keqiang speaking in march.
0	and the regulations are actually quite inconsistent.
0	we simply cannot continue down this road.
0	and what danger would it have posed?
0	they complain the debate is hurting business.
0	authorities tightened residency restrictions late last month.
0	they're the biggest band in the world.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	john coltrane became their christ their god.
0	i'm definitely allowed to wear campaign buttons.
0	hey great to talk to you lulu.
0	and yes what time are we leaving?
0	can we afford not to reverse it?
0	it's day to day from npr news.
0	i wouldn't necessarily classify them as friendly.
0	and you've got to do this ira.
0	but and i'm not making this up.
0	you can go to a local pharmacy.
0	my small cares were nothing besides this.
0	but caesar says every little bit counts.
0	next time on no compromise the insider.
0	yes my question is for mr. grayson.
0	i mean it's electrifying to watch now.
0	oh we're so sorry we offended you.
0	because of their own particular personal problems.
0	this has to cause you some concern.
0	no pun no all right pun intended.
0	i thought it was an excellent film.
0	how does air quality affect your performance?
0	well not all of you were fans.
0	we're going to take a call now.
0	behind the casket is mrs. jacqueline kennedy.
0	my character you know he's a pirate.
0	and why do you think she lost?
0	they're splitting on fairly predictable conservative-liberal lines.
0	it's something that i've never actually experienced.
0	from member station kqed april dembosky reports.
0	so my mentor's name is jim kaiser.
0	so we've heard about the paleo diet.
0	well cindy mccain thank you so much.
0	he works for the shipping company matson.
0	so that's a good place to start.
0	now you should know this about him.
0	it's now burned more than 160,000 acres.
0	and that's what ties our countries together.
0	can you would you accept t bar?
0	let's go to baltimore maryland and daytona.
0	how nervous are people about what's coming?
0	jackie northam npr news sharm el-sheikh egypt.
0	hospital officials say 88   people were killed.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	in today's senate it's becoming a straitjacket.
0	is that likely to have much effect?
0	i'm thinking of like gilgamesh and beowulf.
0	this is what we do with myth.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and protests have happened as a result.
0	he's director at the vanderbilt vaccine center.
0	this is a timeless truth a myth.
0	but it's not just georgia gun owners.
0	who's going to agree to do it?
0	so here comes the reconstructionists saying nope.
0	what did you see in the autopsies?
0	so could you just talk about that?
0	john geer what's your reaction to that?
0	and thanks for speaking with us again.
0	so seema verma has decried these investigations.
0	ok npr's global health correspondent jason beaubien.
0	and so tell me more about that.
0	we speak your names is wonderful reading.
0	i don't maybe somehow along the way.
0	they stared at each other in silence.
0	they see it as a bit old-fashioned.
0	you are very hands-on with your work.
0	well you have one of them correct.
0	we've failed to invest in child health.
0	so it's partly society but partly culture.
0	that's not to say it never happened.
0	i mean she's physically attracted to her.
0	so amazon or orbitz this is not.
0	let's think about how digital recording works.
0	what does it do for their music?
0	i'm tony cox in for farai chideya.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	now let's go over to the dodgers.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	i was just thinking the same thing.
0	all of them are people with disabilities.
0	and what is the meaning of life?
0	we don't have that net blow us.
0	how was lunch today at the pulitzers?
0	well i think therapy helps a lot.
0	it is not a sign of racism.
0	i don't care about no washed-up terrorist.
0	but the corrections industry is taking notice.
0	we should simply be reducing our emissions.
0	jerome socolovsky reports from praia da luz.
0	oh we're so sorry we offended you.
0	and we hope you enjoy this one.
0	other companies began applying for export licenses.
0	and his name was ben ben harmon.
0	that means that children are going hungry.
0	so it's a bit faded from view.
0	they are clearly not impacting economic growth.
0	and you're in charge of the water?
0	there are no words to describe it.
0	and it was going really well right?
0	this plan only addresses resettlement of syrians.
0	and he's here at the operation center.
0	of course you never know with protests.
0	eleanor what do the results look like?
0	so what does the designation really mean?
0	and it has split the close-knit greens.
0	so that may be connected with it.
0	it produces about 90 percent less emissions.
0	you know then we turn it around.
0	and i tried to develop this now.
0	minnesota has been getting plenty of rain.
0	i think it always is about something.
0	do you want to respond to that?
0	you literally have to push them out.
0	yeah i think that'd be all right.
0	they're cutting safe and drug-free school   programs.
0	he's a tech entrepreneur in san francisco.
0	that building was completely flooded their basement.
0	mr. lenz thanks for being with us.
0	and that is an unbelievably good trade.
0	and then he said excuse me sir.
0	she was so afraid to get it.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	but that was going to take time.
0	you don't know what my tone is.
0	and so that was the biggest issue.
0	now there's something else at stake here.
0	you have to understand the real   america.
0	another caller from cleveland this is john.
0	sal is calling us from los angeles.
0	it's not necessarily hostile to other identities.
0	hey schubert didn't finish a symphony too.
0	thank you glad to be with you.
0	they just stood with their heads down.
0	yes and that's a really great point.
0	i think that translates to fat chance!
0	i play bass drums keyboards and guitar.
0	prisons have always had prisons within prisons.
0	i thought i'm in the wrong business.
0	but quietly people were all joe sestak.
0	that's where our story starts northern california.
0	i'm   learning to call this home now.
0	arellano invites her to join his team.
0	we just have a few seconds left.
0	but now you are famous as yourself.
0	no one everyone knew pressure was coming.
0	and that's where the thing got started.
0	he is on the line with us.
0	i mean you ever   watch these kids?
0	why hasn't anyone mentioned the iraq war?
0	hassan has given   his attorneys his will.
0	quickly this email from stephanie in pennsylvania.
0	well 15-year-old boys are still 15-year-old boys.
0	it depends on how we're defining white.
0	sometimes they think of themselves as mixed.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	howard bryant of meadowlark media joins us.
0	i've stayed in touch with the teachers.
0	yeah mfume in the state of maryland.
0	but let's just start with some basics.
0	yeah electrocuted twice a couple out-of-body experiences.
0	i will vote for a nationalist party.
0	we'll play their music they play ours.
0	i think it's probably a good idea.
0	they picked pet scans and spinal taps.
0	yes it certainly matters what washington thinks.
0	oh well it's funny you should ask.
0	they feel businesses aren't doing enough hiring.
0	i'm very i'm scared of the future.
0	you know it   just only makes sense.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	you've been talking with him about otherness.
0	we tried to create a national army.
0	so clearly the white house is concerned.
0	it does not have a political connotation.
0	they've got to write those great scripts.
0	do you think that that is possible?
0	there was a there have been articles.
0	they sing non-stop during the 90-minute game.
0	more about that survey in a moment.
0	they are rare but they can happen.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	funniest thing so far this election cycle.
0	well he stopped writing 35 years ago.
0	andre welcome to talk of the nation.
0	do you want to teach some day?
0	but there are still signs of weakness.
0	we have 35000 troops in south korea.
0	how'd they mess it up for you?
0	she once played quixotic for 284 points.
0	there's an argument on every page here.
0	what do you think about that assessment?
0	that was not the motivation at all.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	can you just explain what that means?
0	of course you're welcome to join us.
0	and the pandemic has battered mexico's economy.
0	and if it doesn't get the money?
0	and i'm mara liasson national political correspondent.
0	everybody wanted to go for several years.
0	of course many of us knew that.
0	well even though sorry this is ryan.
0	john dust was born in omaha nebraska.
0	nothing simple like the milky way huh?
0	one is why did these volcanoes happen?
0	npr's alex chadwick described what happened next.
0	that is quite a string of events.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	they don't like where the economy's going.
0	classic emily kwong stuff classic emily kwong.
0	and it's steaming toward that direction now.
0	they've been doing it in broad daylight.
0	very large number 98 percent were unharmed.
0	and how do you get to them?
0	well we asked phil what happened next.
0	we're back on the radio next weekend.
0	yeah you're asking questions that need analysis.
0	mr. ambassador thanks for being with us.
0	people don't usually survive class 4 avalanches.
0	debbie elliott npr news orange beach alabama.
0	it'll be on the market for anyone.
0	yeah and to get the person treatment.
0	but police are not ruling anything out.
0	do have concerns about your own security?
0	he is also an emergency room physician.
0	there are things to be positive about.
0	i mean surely you knew that right?
0	fighting continues today between israelis and palestinians.
0	but we've certainly had conversations with them.
0	welcome to talk of the nation jess.
0	i'm not saying that to sound naive.
0	the pope's statement appeared to endorse it.
0	that's a judgment and common sense issue.
0	so actually i live with my parents.
0	yeah that's what we want to confirm.
0	elizabeth with us from wichita in kansas.
0	like their get-up is like they're talibs.
0	so he can always draw on that.
0	luckily we got out before that confrontation.
0	but it really doesn't matter to me.
0	and this was approved by the voters.
0	i just stopped because of time here.
0	everybody loves the super bowl right erika?
0	that we're going to leave it there.
0	so tell us more about this ringleader.
0	how did you bring up that conversation?
0	make a bigger milky way bar right.
0	another email from robert in boylston massachusetts.
0	and i've been really stressed about it.
0	and so this has infuriated the governor.
0	all right i have so many questions.
0	they are now tied in new hampshire.
0	all the other churches are so crowded.
0	so the building site is fully occupied.
0	this is is it mariah from boise?
0	there's no stores open there's no electricity.
0	bruce bartlett thanks for your time today.
0	well maybe you don't know the brand.
0	and i'm going to turn it down?
0	before covid it was a tough sell.
0	he's dealing with a lot of things.
0	one of the challenges was kidney disease.
0	what is the military's position on   this?
0	find a way to stick it out.
0	yet nine months later the violence continues.
0	that's the u.s. agency for international development.
0	npr's allison aubrey reports on the criticism.
0	once again washington doesn't get the border.
0	i said we don't always tell everyone.
0	how do you deal with an incumbent?
0	that's the father who lost his child.
0	we're not just competing against other manufacturers.
0	and they're hearing different stories every time.
0	so i'm very disappointed in general petraeus.
0	martinez says he's going to try again.
0	sometimes they are both victims and perpetrators.
0	carol with us from larkspur in california.
0	and what were the grounds for that?
0	npr's elise hu has more about them.
0	so we ordered an uber says barahona.
0	they get that much right at least.
0	well i mean we'll have to see.
0	they simply want this government to resign.
0	and i thought my god you're stupid.
0	that was a huge point of conversation.
0	his father is a retired military man.
0	sarmast contacted a policeman in the area.
0	but we went through with it anyway.
0	it is a small world after all.
0	she's got these really large searching eyes.
0	the deal was worth another half-million dollars.
0	and it's true for other ethnic groups.
0	but their contribution came with a cost.
0	it's just too much of a coincidence.
0	right now it's setting up the vacuum.
0	thank god it wasn't a bullet yeah.
0	i found myself doing the same thing.
0	or can we scare people into care?
0	it's a tough undertaking and high-tech too.
0	strictly a pilot decision i would think.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	we're back now with our bloggers' roundtable.
0	so there are things you can do.
0	how does this report fit into that?
0	is there a good formula of sentiments?
0	but even that process has its challenges.
0	it's un-american if you haven't eaten spaghettio's.
0	but it's really stressful as a parent.
0	i'm getting my master of legal studies.
0	that tells me a lot about her.
0	and let's get larry on the line.
0	of those about 1,200 resulted in convictions.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	police also named 24-year-old yasin   hassan omar.
0	they rarely get to the white house.
0	and you can't forget that you know.
0	david what do you make of this?
0	do you think it might be true?
0	it's hard to say what drives people.
0	c.j. chivers of the new york times.
0	thank you and happy travels to you.
0	but that was a long time ago.
0	you have to put them through security.
0	stacey i'm four hours and 31 minutes.
0	it's just not enough anymore she says.
0	so it's not sexy it's not sexy.
0	they took a very hard line back.
0	well there are two parts to that.
0	we're talking this hour about north korea.
0	they're their own ethnicity and they're christian.
0	so it's been going back and forth.
0	he was playing with the arizona coyotes.
0	steve thanks very much for the call.
0	it's the leading grower in the country.
0	thirty years ago this band made history.
0	they weren't good years to be jewish.
0	how have republicans been talking about this?
0	i mean there's a history to this.
0	but getting it across can be tough.
0	what kind of fish are they catching?
0	thanks for the latest and   the update.
0	dr. marcos mestre with nicklaus children's hospital.
0	today's vote hardly comes as a surprise.
0	they had five out of five successes.
0	the whole thing happened very very fast.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	it was published in italy in 1558.
0	many have classroom mask mandates as well.
0	and let's go to this is jim.
0	connie would throw funky moist panties onstage.
0	but other nominations are not as solid.
0	is that tricky journalistically to like someone?
0	and we haven't gotten back to that.
0	that's the most painful part you know?
0	well you're the only expert that counts.
0	now they're all over the world apparently.
0	he scored the united states' only goal.
0	i love her way of delivering it.
0	so this really weird thing is happening.
0	reaction from the white house on that?
0	you can have much more convenient care.
0	our long-term federal budget has got problems.
0	like anything else it's just a job.
0	for example more muscle around the tail.
0	what can i do for you today?
0	obama has gone straight to the center.
0	let's say you're in the dentist chair.
0	bernanke appears before the house oversight committee.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	yeah well that was reactor number two.
0	that's npr health policy correspondent julie rovner.
0	i'll talk about gravitational waves any time.
0	first of all it's during pride week.
0	the nonprofit group represents death row inmates.
0	we shouldn't give up at this point.
0	opponents are trying to overturn the ruling.
0	it'll be out in a few days.
0	ray says pagourtzis was not a troublemaker.
0	a laser is sent into this contraption.
0	and i arrived in a town car.
0	what is the bar for senator clinton?
0	health care and i will legalize marijuana.
0	and he's delivering non-fact-based non-evidence-based medical advice.
0	what do you hear there mr. parra?
0	and michael cohen has begun to dish.
0	merck blamed the plaque in irvin's arteries.
0	sunnis boycotted the last election in 2005.
0	in detroit for example it's roughly 74%.
0	you know i'm an obama supporter too.
0	nell greenfieldboyce an npr science desk reporter.
0	but then you know there's wooden puppets.
0	you know americans love a good accent.
0	npr's peter overby has more on that.
0	this was my bag and then some.
0	they hit the northernmost port of tripoli.
0	he won red states like virginia florida.
0	new york is such a democratic state.
0	and general keane what do you think?
0	another one you'll not likely to see.
0	ivan you've been driving around lebanon today.
0	also the company does more than insurance.
0	and asma you were in eastern pennsylvania.
0	he saw the writing on the wall.
0	she has not said whether she'll run.
0	right now he's more guiding than teaching.
0	i don't know where they came from.
0	most typically they were just   absence seizures.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	yeah it's kind of an amazing thing.
0	it's an army for all the syrians.
0	celerity nascent is a mostly african-american school.
0	you don't ever get together with anyone?
0	well so i worry about many things.
0	i mean so that's a big sacrifice.
0	then-city solicitor andre davis announced the suit.
0	jacob thanks very much for the call.
0	what will this information campaign look like?
0	we don't understand the very first moments.
0	that story was produced by youth radio.
0	the beer business wouldn't pay the overhead.
0	so julianne let me start with you.
0	and would that it be taken up.
0	our organization is just over approximately 13000.
0	and we're full partners in this process.
0	the tops of the furnaces glow orange.
0	the scenes on tv have been terrible.
0	what is your understanding of the progress?
0	a peace deal appears to be imminent.
0	is it possible to find that dimension?
0	one was killed earlier in the conflict.
0	you can get me in a podcast.
0	and their report is really eye-opening reading.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we were also joined by blake strode.
0	i walked in through multiple security barriers.
0	thank you for speaking with us today.
0	why do you think there's more debate?
0	they have different areas using different technologies.
0	the kurds want some autonomy for themselves.
0	this is supposed to be a garage.
0	i would say indeed we are yes.
0	former first lady barbara bush has died.
0	our nation is deeply polarized right now.
0	trump still has not conceded the election.
0	this is the big unknown in japan.
0	you know how people use those labels.
0	so for starters people can't find own.
0	it kind of seems normal at first.
0	and that's all i wanted to say.
0	they've already said no to the union.
0	and that's going to pose considerable problems.
0	i mean there are people in charge.
0	kuzio says it was the last straw.
0	may i speak to professor phelps please?
0	i'd already witnessed him shoot my mother.
0	it's just getting from here to there.
0	and it turns out that there is.
0	how could this possibly make economic sense?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	these songs feel both anonymous and universal.
0	senator kerry provided the opening on monday.
0	and what time of day was it?
0	and i chased him down the street.
0	but this is also a work day.
0	but obviously in my eyes they aren't.
0	their senate majority in particular is razor-thin.
0	millin is one of wyoming's five superdelegates.
0	i think that's a very important distinction.
0	thanks very much for coming in today.
0	this is from a mccain campaign film.
0	coming up the evolution of fox news.
0	there's another five different yellow construction cranes.
0	at centerfire shooting sports in olathe kan.
0	companies write them off and collect insurance.
0	it goes on for 10 minutes actually.
0	and trump has been our post-truth president.
0	and we're seeking monetary damage for fred.
0	the transfer of power is still standing.
0	and i was watching the baseball game.
0	well they want to take your temperature.
0	thank you all for this spirited discussion.
0	but she pays little attention to that.
0	and i'm mara liasson national political correspondent.
0	many more westerners are connecting the dots.
0	secretary of state kerry though seems undeterred.
0	chile was hit hard by the pandemic.
0	and this is what rudy giuliani said.
0	this is really it's really been great.
0	they quote pretty specifically from that speech.
0	you just have a lot more time.
0	you were a part of her family.
0	i said it and i mean it.
0	this district is in the columbus area.
0	some of that is now underwater again.
0	yeah it's the political junkie web site.
0	when your clothes can pick it up.
0	and then you sort of ask why?
0	especially he says with obama's african-american supporters.
0	but there are substantial amounts showing up.
0	it's our third president of the podcast.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	but and so neither are composite bridges.
0	so we're making the air cleaner then?
0	what have smugglers gotten out of this?
0	our goal is to secure a conviction.
0	this is simply to minimize the risk.
0	and we're also joined by chuck rocha.
0	name some progress areas for me please.
0	it's kind of   where it all happens.
0	the red cross promotes this project heavily.
0	that is what they were called prestiti.
0	keep an eye on your belly button.
0	it's because people have flocked into safety.
0	and let's get one last caller in.
0	other ones were just jumbles of bones.
0	britain had not been informed in advance.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i thought it was just for veterans.
0	michael the big issues in this race?
0	i think i'd work until i die.
0	now there's lennie who is the neighbor.
0	and how is this going to work?
0	tens of thousands of people have died.
0	lucas galan runs data forensics at flamingo.
0	let's go next to this is mike.
0	they had heard about the alternate consulate.
0	where will trump go do you think?
0	thanks for having me on mary louise.
0	he'd written an affirmation on each one.
0	the pack journalism is a real problem.
0	well there are a couple things here.
0	and he could answer all of them.
0	justin thanks very much for the call.
0	why not just remain in that post?
0	these people seem exceptionally brazen and emboldened.
0	we don't go to the same schools.
0	i'm rooting for the chicago whwhwhiwhite sox.
0	he says he expects a full house.
0	well i have to go to work.
0	saeed jones moved to columbus in 2019.
0	the political system has been inherently corrupt.
0	you slept out on what the couch?
0	i think he got an oscar too.
0	suu kyi is not really allowed visitors.
0	but that's a those are deliberate decisions.
0	chris and dana thanks to you both.
0	drew calling us from wichita in kansas.
0	were you familiar with the word serrefine?
0	and eventually i think something got for.
0	and then i watched the british version.
0	you sign up for the job too.
0	that is wisconsin public radio's corri hess.
0	so what do you mean by that?
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	but i don't want to undo that.
0	yeah he got more than a plan.
0	they might say oh leave me alone.
0	jim stevenson was charged with animal cruelty.
0	i'm not insensitive to our security needs.
0	my uncle is the archbishop of jamaica.
0	you have to dehumanize other human beings.
0	martinez began her career as a nurse.
0	the fences were topped with barbed wire.
0	india is the world's biggest vaccine maker.
0	now half of those are for export.
0	that's the mothership calling for donald trump.
0	why do you think that's the case?
0	the most white americans are not internationalists.
0	so it's not just a speech issue.
0	there are 30 others across the country.
0	that's one   two three four five six.
0	but we don't think that they're there.
0	although quetta is not a big city.
0	people are sick and tired of it.
0	there is going to be a reckoning.
0	martin's with us from concord new hampshire.
0	now it's covered in blowing american flags.
0	you have madison wisconsin you have austin.
0	jeff lunden has been following this strike.
0	well this is news we can use.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	that is a very good point yes.
0	do i have to find a broker?
0	we have to go in that direction.
0	well that very well could be true.
0	i mean don't we run that risk?
0	nothing could be farther from the truth.
0	no it's a good way to go.
0	they can do that spot for longer.
0	just go after the program to npr.
0	and an addict should not be killed.
0	and the real world is not colorblind.
0	so it wasn't a very good bomb?
0	many democrats did not support the president.
0	let's go back to that cpac summit.
0	they're looking out for this narrow interest.
0	instead you seemed to be celebrating it.
0	the speaker of the house is 80.
0	i really don't think that's the case.
0	i wouldn't recommend that movie to him.
0	the chinese want to blunt those concerns.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it takes millions and millions of dollars.
0	the collection is now displayed with markers.
0	those tank soldiers were wounded but survived.
0	hundreds of thousands of people are dead.
0	and they are experts at misinformation disinformation.
0	they cut out most of the light.
0	i sure as heck believe it is.
0	and i'm really really happy for her.
0	but we're talking 1994 levels or larger.
0	all right golfer sam's hard top cars.
0	she's a freelance writer in new york.
0	how do they plan to do it?
0	we heard a bit of it earlier.
0	terry gross spoke to johnson in 1984.
0	you still trying to make cpt happen.
0	it's a colossal collection of shabby structures.
0	they're just starting to focus on it.
0	and again   this goes back to community.
0	if you normally run maybe try swimming.
0	marcello with us from salt lake city.
0	other city leaders are praising the decision.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and he could run again for president.
0	andrew wallenstein writes for the hollywood reporter.
0	and thank you for having me michel.
0	i got too many bills to pay.
0	and here's how the new version sounds.
0	so did he actually invest in stocks?
0	i mean shipments of spinach have stopped.
0	both are being made with earth bricks.
0	over the years she had another son.
0	nick evans from member station wosu reports.
0	yamana looks like a japanese don draper.
0	cox why has it come to this?
0	he also went to a food line.
0	i know there's just so much news.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	but i'm really really thinking about her.
0	well we're hearing a variety of stories.
0	i mean that's just being an author.
0	when we come back spalding's world tour.
0	i do know he brought his guns.
0	how many hotel rooms have sold out?
0	ok so so many threads to pursue.
0	her husband was a marine fighter pilot.
0	shipping companies are having their own challenges.
0	now it's time for some tech tips.
0	but obviously states have to move quickly.
0	local accounts describe them as homeless squatters.
0	or from the bible sources like that.
0	i just think she's a terrible person.
0	clark says they're still looking for documentation.
0	and i'm narrating what i'm looking at.
0	they would like to solve the crime.
0	i'm so honored to have come on.
0	they're also permitted occasional unescorted visits home.
0	i really like that kind of thing.
0	and this is a growth over generalization.
0	how did you get into the band?
0	and does he use that as well?
0	just switch that field to another crop.
0	we could never see the south tower.
0	and sometimes as late as 10 p.m.
0	well there were a couple of reasons.
0	yeah sasha cohen is sort of flirtatious.
0	we have good support outside the base.
0	this is science friday i'm ira flatow.
0	that of course impoverishes public debate tremendously.
0	you'll take turns answering these questions again.
0	it's the light that resets your clock.
0	really everything that could exceed one's imagination.
0	my husband and i avoided his gaze.
0	deb thanks so much for your time.
0	so we're excited to talk about it.
0	so the delegations think they are staying.
0	imam khalid latif led them in prayer.
0	we're at hola code in mexico city.
0	so wasat very different from muslim brotherhood.
0	how are georgia voters responding to that?
0	it's very good for their law practices.
0	i hope you sleep well tonight jesus.
0	it was founded by inventor dean kamen.
0	no you haven't heard the whole sermon.
0	and so then he embraced democratic issues.
0	she's 27-years-old this is her third olympics.
0	craig aaron is the group's communications director.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	so they decide to sell the house.
0	ralf kleber runs amazon operations in germany.
0	sounds like it's been a tough year.
0	he built it with his mom ida.
0	talk if you will briefly about security.
0	and there were 20000 people in there.
0	that is why i was sent here.
0	was it treasury secretary john snow leaving?
0	we want to know how we're doing.
0	and it is very tight in there.
0	look harold ford is a young man.
0	and we also have with us the.
0	but i will never lie to you.
0	michael thanks very much for the call.
0	my job is to do it alone.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	that didn't seem to register with him.
0	and that seemed to work very well.
0	let's hear from sufyan in memphis tennessee.
0	so it's a great one to watch.
0	don't let them take your child's life.
0	more coming up in just a moment.
0	it's been extremely successful for sulfur dioxide.
0	and more than 3,000 people were vaccinated.
0	john welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and you said you missed a couple.
0	how does your workplace reward its employees?
0	to listen to our show visit npr.
0	but they were never down on themselves.
0	and again that should never be done.
0	lee rainie of the pew research center.
0	look in texas what happened right now.
0	let's move on to the next claim.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	and as the team grew to what?
0	and then they never updated the holder.
0	you are a scholar of the holocaust.
0	i spoke with deborah lipstadt last week.
0	i think that's a very fair point.
0	and there was shooting all around me.
0	there are a billion to choose from.
0	so i was like you know what?
0	and i   think one key is entrepreneurship.
0	the scum on your pool if you.
0	it should be zero but it isn't.
0	martha burk read one of my columns.
0	and this is called supplemental security income.
0	and we sort of had this idea.
0	and should we be worried about this?
0	and i have two lids as well.
0	i don't even hardly have any possessions.
0	it was a disruptive and surrealistic vision.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	are you about to say some spoilers?
0	it's tuesday and time for africa update.
0	savannah wood from colfax iowa feels differently.
0	we were ushered into his wood-paneled library.
0	no heads rolled but something did change.
0	i think there is more than 50,000.
0	i'm separating out though the grammar dogmatism.
0	and we said we'll make it work.
0	my brother is actually a helicopter pilot.
0	and most baffling of all ethnic slurs.
0	are these the charges that were expected?
0	think a hummer is a gas guzzler?
0	that's a nonprofit dedicated to journalism education.
0	and those thing aren't all that expensive.
0	you got to trust me on that.
0	thank you very much sam for that.
0	im going to ask you about that.
0	this is fatima in ann arbor michigan.
0	and that's where we get into problems.
0	it's the start of a new year.
0	they're guarded by two military check posts.
0	ramadan is the name of the month.
0	like i help her to make spaghetti.
0	let's see we go next to alice.
0	let's listen to some of that speech.
0	hauling manure such distances would cost money.
0	does that constitute a loss of unbiasedness?
0	i assumed that was my unwelcome visitor.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	michael thank you very much for that.
0	tell us what you meant by that.
0	and one bit of linguistic trivia here.
0	who exactly is living there right now?
0	dogs are not known for respecting boundaries.
0	i don't think we can help them.
0	recognize reality and you can regulate it.
0	i understand it is evolving isn't it?
0	it would essentially be a passive shareholder.
0	wallace got a pat on the back.
0	there are several applications you could imagine.
0	mike reis al jean you met them.
0	we have the receipts at this point.
0	maybe i won't watch the last episode.
0	i was able to navigate the back-and-forth.
0	he mentions mehki the one doing tricks.
0	but i don't think it enlightened anybody.
0	interesting perspective from a former intelligence official.
0	she was like you know what guys?
0	jeremy i know you have a son.
0	it now becomes more labor-intensive for you.
0	korea made all american goods more expensive.
0	this is where they diverge a bit.
0	but still a substantial cost for people.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	and then my mom would come in.
0	so much of life is a mystery.
0	he says retailers have long encouraged vaccinations.
0	what do you want to see there?
0	rubio tried to explain his current position.
0	hillary thanks very much for the call.
0	yes we've looked at this very carefully.
0	it moves by 11 days every year.
0	now in a way this is natural.
0	so we anticipate there being another surge.
0	let me back up a little bit.
0	today's white racial extremists rely on technology.
0	but they went on with their lives.
0	you really stood up to these people.
0	and rob's with us from san antonio.
0	so it's above board but it's nasty.
0	raven-symone at the time was a child.
0	maybe they know something we don't know.
0	i think that's a very good question.
0	and you feel it and it's painful.
0	he joined us from his office there.
0	the refinery workers had what he wanted.
0	from maine public radio susan sharon reports.
0	he should've been all over this thing.
0	like they were the bible of rap.
0	john welcome to talk of the nation.
0	do you expect it'll stay this way?
0	infants actually seem very sensitive to that.
0	what's the responsible way out of afghanistan?
0	he says i can beat donald trump.
0	oh lord i was a prisoner too.
0	but trump has just overturned the table.
0	inside that hospital addison was working hard.
0	yeah they're looking for the 20 grand.
0	there could be a lot of them.
0	we are headed toward a fiscal cliff.
0	npr's frank langfitt is covering china's economy.
0	can you hit play on that video?
0	you can't curl up in a ball.
0	you can only give out anonymous data.
0	there were the clashes that you mentioned.
0	martin luther king jr. has been assassinated.
0	now addison is excited for the vaccines.
0	can we get y'all attention real quick?
0	and let's get john on the line.
0	where are you going to be performing?
0	there was no certainty about its success.
0	and so we both entered the contest.
0	we'll take the first question first part.
0	for instance how do you define violence?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we're close to having what we need.
0	i don't care if he's the best.
0	tim thanks very much for your call.
0	and suspending habeas corpus for these men.
0	thank you for having me my friend.
0	it's been a delight talking with you.
0	millions of americans sincerely love donald trump.
0	josie w. mcquaid isn't just the publisher.
0	tell us about what she experienced there.
0	steve a big fan of your coverage.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	i think that's a really good question.
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	truman needs to rest for a week.
0	in other words could the tide turn?
0	so what do you mix it with?
0	mr. casey thanks for being with us.
0	so who is talking to the device?
0	it's not enough but it has happened.
0	you don't have a high school diploma.
0	it's got the action that people love.
0	and he was given a presidential pardon.
0	we've got a new administration coming in.
0	you have a mixture of mostly battery.
0	tom carper is a senator from delaware.
0	i think that's a matter of law.
0	it's a very common kind of justification.
0	even he was shocked by our findings.
0	and that's what this is all about.
0	talking with sherry and tony go ahead.
0	his hospital is eating that whole cost.
0	that's senator carl levin democrat from michigan.
0	i want to bend with that joke.
0	well it's great to be with you.
0	the same was true with the republicans.
0	u.s. senator chuck grassley republican of iowa.
0	that's why they're called rights not votes.
0	it's also a popular stop for tourists.
0	it's not the neighborhood that i knew.
0	professor monto joins us now from portland.
0	hopefully not one for too much longer.
0	now hell have his day in court.
0	i think march lasted about six years.
0	there were five grandchildren when she disappeared.
0	we've had the incident on lafayette square.
0	jim harford welcome back to the indicator.
0	that's a lot faster than most people.
0	remind me of the trivia question today.
0	so she was really honest about that.
0	come on up and claim your prize.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	fuller's support for vouchers is pretty straightforward.
0	adam's calling us from   budapest in hungary.
0	some americans bought homes they couldn't afford.
0	it's not just size shape matters too.
0	what kind of car do you drive?
0	let's go next to this is chad.
0	afghanistan and kicked it with who else?
0	yeah i was in the banking business.
0	do we know if anybody was injured?
0	people are brilliantly stupid and stupidly brilliant.
0	and you could really hear the chemistry.
0	so yeah she deleted her dating apps.
0	she did pay a ton of money.
0	and it's got 165,000 miles on it.
0	it's the largest organ of our bodies.
0	and well he got the words wrong.
0	yeah i think that's a 50-50 question.
0	clay johnson is president of tex con.
0	jerry thanks very much for the call.
0	the idea was to help struggling artists.
0	we find matches in all different ways.
0	he thanked those who voted for him.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	how is the vaccine rollout going anyway?
0	i mean really my mother didn't work.
0	there's apparent mutual admiration for each other.
0	when you get to me my age.
0	thanks very much for that call nancy.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	rhani thanks very much for the call.
0	there are all kinds of profile pictures.
0	and that's the way i liked it.
0	squishy rino is what's the allusion there?
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	because they used to be super sketchy.
0	and welcome to talk to the nation.
0	some well-regarded mega-investors got involved in them.
0	so what was the importance of this?
0	ken let's begin as we always do.
0	and she adds never swat a fly.
0	we ought not to miss this opportunity.
0	but they don't actually diverge very often.
0	and so he reached across the aisle.
0	i didn't see anything wrong with it.
0	and my i have a few questions.
0	it's been interesting let me tell you.
0	so that's how c.j. gets into it.
0	more on this from npr's ina jaffe.
0	yeah we heard from mexico's foreign minister.
0	patrice this is a very different topic.
0	now let's get wes on the line.
0	my counting and my becking my breathing-down-your-necking.
0	well thank you very much for that.
0	are you interested in either of those?
0	kenneth welcome to talk of the nation.
0	it refuses to diminish in its appeal.
0	he's grown up a lot since then.
0	instruction above a sink to restaurant employees.
0	i mean it was staged so well.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	ok camila domonoske lay it on me.
0	let me answer both of those questions.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	the undocumented americans by karla cornejo villavicencio.
0	it became a full-fledged gale a hurricane.
0	in a bollywood film it might have.
0	yes you can have half the t-shirt.
0	aren't they more likely to drop out?
0	i ain't trying to hear that man.
0	and i said she's gone right now?
0	and i said ok well that's ok.
0	they may not feel like doing anything.
0	he squeezed his gum and spit it.
0	you know so it's just movement going.
0	i was saying goodbye to my friends.
0	but right now this is very good.
0	so how is that affecting my behavior?
0	yes thank you for taking my call.
0	and that of course includes the chargers.
0	and i'm carrie johnson national justice correspondent.
0	without any data it's hard to know.
0	cathy thanks very much for the call.
0	to cheney the president's actions were juvenile.
0	and the feelings are really quite intense.
0	and that was pre-polio franklin d. roosevelt.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	it's our regular feature called your health.
0	and there's you know there's mixed results.
0	from npr news this is science friday.
0	but i'm grateful because i'm still alive.
0	but mason is taking the long view.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i believe in the power of failure.
0	mr. berg does not speak much english.
0	not every caller has a specific plan.
0	yeah most of our contacts are face-to-face.
0	the mood in the square was somber.
0	they definitely are concerned about climate protection.
0	pastor richard rhea says that's the point.
0	first time success is usually a fluke.
0	sometimes that can work in the negative.
0	michelle is with us from independence missouri.
0	i told yvonne i said listen yvonne.
0	it's something that words really don't convey.
0	well i mean the point is this.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	he's becoming self-impeachable she said very memorably.
0	but that would be a powerful ticket.
0	that's really what you're trying to do.
0	well you know they've got a problem.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	he started out in the music industry.
0	we'll be back after a short break.
0	i've been able to work from home.
0	i mean why would anybody do that?
0	it has been a very difficult year.
0	so why would she write that line?
0	but we've not had that this year.
0	turns out bigger people have bigger kidneys.
0	here's the fop's vice president dave hiller.
0	but vocal synthesis did tell us this.
0	it lets people see what's going on.
0	a lasting star like ayu is rare.
0	i think you know like a stairwell.
0	you're dealing with a lot of stress.
0	this morning the family arlene left behind.
0	i think it's a battle for owners.
0	that's president obama's signature health care law.
0	thomas thanks very much for the call.
0	and i like your kind of music.
0	what happened that he picked their names?
0	so they see jobs in green energy.
0	well bob dylan wrote of a few.
0	she was surprised by a strange sound.
0	two quick e-mails from francis in cincinnati.
0	and that was brought on by technology.
0	and it works as a media strategy.
0	anti-smoking ballot initiatives passed in several states.
0	you are now actually a privileged kid.
0	his organization contributed research to the report.
0	and it's just not the news media.
0	i mean i take this job seriously.
0	grant simmer is alinghis design team coordinator.
0	so we experimented a lot with that.
0	it's what many states have been saying.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	i don't feel any nausea at all.
0	is that kind of language a problem?
0	historical gdp numbers will also be adjusted.
0	well i've been listening to the radio.
0	these lost treasures are catalogued on computer.
0	well you've done that at night already.
0	all of these things have been stolen.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	i just think that's a tough sell.
0	so you know this is my observation.
0	and then finally again on july 12th.
0	that's the way   this investigation was conducted.
0	no it was done with a supermajority.
0	i spoke to sam biagetti about this.
0	and i ended up flipping upside down.
0	thanks so much for your call brian.
0	she has me play the bad guy.
0	but the shipping booths here are empty.
0	so it's been doubling and doubling again.
0	voa staffers say pack's charges are ridiculous.
0	all they need to rehydrate is water.
0	voice of america's two top officials resigned.
0	so that's not an issue for us.
0	there are about a hundred files here.
0	without that conversation we really have nothing.
0	so i think that that really helps.
0	it was called united colors of benetton.
0	so today it's mostly health care workers.
0	yeah mr. douglass was a frequent worshipper.
0	they have a great deal of experience.
0	have a good time at the movies.
0	there's not really much of a buildup.
0	you get it's just a little tiresome.
0	i've got kids i've got to feed.
0	and now it's time for the barbershop.
0	i wouldn't have been able to apply.
0	unfortunately i think i might lose you.
0	and then she gave the delivery instructions.
0	and so the mistrust is about betrayal.
0	the email address is story in california.
0	the list includes mcdonald's denny's and others.
0	he went to harvard and to columbia.
0	the steering wheel seems small to me.
0	so what are you going to do?
0	she measured the flow of the object.
0	let's go to dan in st. louis.
0	i guess you must've been in lockdown.
0	everyone else works for the common good.
0	you get everything lined up just perfectly.
0	we were very excited about this ceremony.
0	but that is one last sticking point.
0	so are you looking to move on?
0	tarboosh allowed the prisoners to call home.
0	and she joins us from mexico city.
0	she said i write what i want.
0	cee cee let me talk to you.
0	i refuse i refuse to wear that.
0	they can live more than 30 years.
0	it's just reminding me that i am.
0	but it's you watch it very differently.
0	but since then he's changed his mind.
0	but all those guys were white supremacists.
0	these are just allegations at this point.
0	but some of this is political posturing.
0	he's with us   here in studio 3a.
0	predators that were even bigger than t-rex.
0	so it's just profoundly worrying to me.
0	it's a huge parts supplier to gm.
0	tell us more about what happened today.
0	i was with them in the port.
0	there was a gay community in london.
0	and he was beautiful in that way.
0	very typically these sessions are very short.
0	usually the speech is boring and forgettable.
0	larry is with us from sheraton oregon.
0	it's seeing what the market will bear.
0	have you taken it for a spin?
0	i want to wear clothes like that.
0	that's news to ak and phil schmidt.
0	he birdied four of the last holes.
0	by then nat it will be over.
0	he joined us from georgia public broadcasting.
0	well certainly we have school choice plan.
0	and we've seen a lot of that.
0	that experience was absolutely invaluable for me.
0	brian naylor npr news the white house.
0	brown's apartment is $1,300 dollars a month.
0	she soon sold out all 4,000 vouchers.
0	david autor is an economist at mit.
0	here's fda's doran fink reading the question.
0	i'm going to spoil the suspense here.
0	you want to be like the man.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	it's at the top of every page.
0	is that as atrocious as it sounds?
0	and i was like ah that's it.
0	it's good to be able to join.
0	they are just victims of air attack.
0	arun always good to be with you.
0	and they wanted to do another surgery.
0	it is a relationship forced upon somebody.
0	i think that's actually a fair statement.
0	yes they say the economy is bad.
0	this is a tightly packed urban area.
0	yeah like magazine photos modern magazine photos.
0	in massachusetts it's the comprehensive assessment system.
0	and you know we acquired america west.
0	they are efficient as we can say.
0	the city is not back to normal.
0	i knew the symptoms would get worse.
0	in march everything's going to be better.
0	palestinians don't have a lot of cards.
0	from member station wvtf sandy hausman reports.
0	the news shocked sullivan and the faculty.
0	well thank you for your time today.
0	i think there's two reasons for it.
0	but not by the state of montana.
0	would you have any advice for them?
0	governor i'm afraid we're out of time.
0	their names just aren't on the label.
0	and satterfield says the problem goes deeper.
0	yeah those are three very big tasks.
0	that didn't seem to do much good.
0	instead president trump canceled last week's trip.
0	and but i am completely computer illiterate.
0	very little is known about these men.
0	we've already had two studies on this.
0	now they're talking about in the 2030s.
0	i was going down the wrong road.
0	now are all kinds of homes affected?
0	we don't really have much experimental guidance.
0	they don't want to do it themselves.
0	it's heating up at the north pole.
0	thank you for speaking with us sir.
0	david thanks very much for the call.
0	then israel began retaliatory strikes on gaza.
0	i mean i nearly lost my family.
0	that didn't use to be the case.
0	he is currently working on a novel.
0	and there's something to be learned there.
0	oh i'm going to need help rachel.
0	his son yoni also spoke to reporters.
0	i mean are people beginning to starve?
0	can you work do something with influenza?
0	he threw his resume up on indeed.
0	that's not strengthening our health care system.
0	i want to go to this store.
0	what do people think of him now?
0	so i didn't sit down right away.
0	motions to move the trial were denied.
0	he was part of the sheriff's department.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	this has been going on for years.
0	excuse me my owner needs your attention.
0	so it's been about   23 years now.
0	what about when it comes to coal?
0	this is how we do y'all hip-hop.
0	but like she has this encyclopedic knowledge.
0	as you expected this is morning edition.
0	so henry ford's not a bad model.
0	i don't think we   should minimize this.
0	i was surprised to see it frankly.
0	he justthat's just not in his dna.
0	and that'll take people off the grid.
0	would that be illegal under your bill?
0	let's get a caller on the line.
0	people need fellowship and they need support.
0	how many dairy cows do you have?
0	here at the studio jeffrey is somebody.
0	i'm an old you mentioned barry goldwater.
0	and this is science friday from npr.
0	she was a catalog of demonic euphonies.
0	she's very forward which is very nice.
0	he was back to 100 million yesterday.
0	you know we're primarily a destination resort.
0	no let's print that up right now.
0	yeah and you go right into it.
0	like it was predominantly people of color.
0	he works in basildon hospital as well.
0	it's actually sundance that it's at correct?
0	yes that's actually cancun blue number 32.
0	i'll put that in my sample box.
0	no one would have went to jail.
0	he said what took you so long?
0	let's get callers in on the conversation.
0	welcome and let me jump right in.
0	the president doesn't appear to believe that.
0	it keeps kind of evolving its role.
0	nicolas godin and jean-benoit dunckel are air.
0	we manage those assets for the owners.
0	there is something about standing with others.
0	i want to live to see everything.
0	well it wouldn't have been very hard.
0	but it was never for problem's sake.
0	robert morgenthau joins us from new york.
0	and it's not just a forlorn hope.
0	when and how should you step in?
0	do you have an opinion on this?
0	so haiti's getting less money from venezuela.
0	this is kurt cooper from tucson ariz.
0	the main activity in calabria is agriculture.
0	but if you think it's morally wrong?
0	and there's really no dispute about this.
0	so krupp called up the white house.
0	the two of you sound great together.
0	so you know how effective is he?
0	he's also putting together a campaign organization.
0	it takes three or four major steps.
0	i can't think of a better way.
0	damage estimates are already in the billions.
0	one was very strong vertical wind shear.
0	if not we'll be   here next year.
0	and this is something we should debate.
0	i just want to point that out.
0	they are currently still on the run.
0	and just ok i have this opportunity.
0	one day he had a bold idea.
0	activists tell us four people were killed.
0	well it depends upon who you ask.
0	he comes from a very media-savvy place.
0	it's tougher than the last one good.
0	npr's ofeibea quist-arcton is in zimbabwe's capital.
0	dr. larry nasser was arrested last year.
0	grunwald calls broward the florida of florida.
0	adam welcome to talk of the nation.
0	i want to come visit that house.
0	many people are coming many many people.
0	they don't have access to fishing rights.
0	and then finally third reason climate change.
0	we may even have to store carbon.
0	i thought you forgot all about it.
0	my guess was of course tom dewey.
0	like the flooding from climate-driven extreme rain.
0	would he have appeal across the spectrum?
0	i was amazed by mr. boal's reaction.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	safety is one of our primary concerns.
0	andy thanks very much for the call.
0	it's not something in the scientist projections.
0	after he left he needed regular dialysis.
0	it has all the usbs auxiliary outlets.
0	and he took went right to it.
0	look trump hailed himself as a businessman.
0	so this sounds bad if not disastrous.
0	three ceos quit the president's manufacturing council.
0	that was michigan's attorney general dana nessel.
0	i think it's in the fall though.
0	and this is the john dillinger story.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	yeah it looks like it'll be fun.
0	but glaser is busy promoting gop candidates.
0	here they are well trudging along together.
0	it's going to be so much fun.
0	and vanderbilt followed with his steamboat operations.
0	i mean that's the key thing right?
0	just to my right was paulette feld.
0	but we are in the early beginning.
0	did your wife just spill the beans?
0	we're going to ride and die together.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i mean you love making this music.
0	emory university election law professor michael kang.
0	but it's camp and you're not guaranteed.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they wouldn't be able to do that.
0	biden is going to do that today.
0	high schoolers tote wool blankets to class.
0	that's when tribal casinos became a factor.
0	it's a yes it's a big bird.
0	goldwater went down to a big defeat.
0	all of it is on voters' minds.
0	so what do you mix it with?
0	i think they get paid $200 million.
0	but recently some advertisers have gotten wise.
0	the father is not a bad man.
0	that would be most people i think.
0	continue doing nothing is one my favorites.
0	now alt-right is short for alternative right.
0	so 2020 is in our rearview mirror.
0	there is a lot to write about.
0	that's where president obama's pragmatism comes in.
0	where do you even find old ice?
0	she has agreed with her republican colleagues.
0	how will we know if we're winning?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	that's what you've got on your watch.
0	i don't know where my daughter is.
0	mr. friesen suggests making a pinhole camera.
0	do you know who you're   playing against?
0	so if i can just confess the.
0	well there is a hierarchy of news.
0	can i get a shot to go?
0	congress cannot live by its own rules.
0	anna doesn't have to worry about that.
0	especially if he's hitting well that'll continue.
0	it was a thing for a while.
0	so you network during the network coverage.
0	so why mess with a winning formula?
0	i was just such a city kid.
0	is that something that you've seen too?
0	thanks very much for the call joe.
0	and was this a good business move?
0	they actually have a freshness to them.
0	but the situation there is deeply complicated.
0	so many strong and interesting stories here.
0	and this latest beige book was super-interesting.
0	she says you know it's a lot.
0	this huge crowd is chanting ele nao.
0	his parents happen to be named golden.
0	shakib mohsanyar lives near the passport office.
0	it's unbelievable how much snow is falling.
0	taylor was ousted by republican steven palazzo.
0	teaching behavior is a license to practice.
0	in fact it was a 20-point blowout.
0	i had no idea that he volunteered.
0	they provoked that he provoked the mob.
0	we're talking about the net neutrality issue.
0	can you see how this is more.
0	and it was in the high mountains.
0	who am i giving the money to?
0	he remembers the first numbers coming in.
0	increasingly we just yell at each other.
0	how does that work you might ask?
0	yeah this is part of the fascia.
0	he loves hockey and he loves math.
0	speaking out isn't easy says larissa uliana.
0	it tracks symbols used by hate groups.
0	the price of diesel: $3.99 a gallon.
0	well the tone is really important here.
0	ann's with us from clarence new york.
0	it isn't hard to break into it.
0	again as i say ask your doctor.
0	emma welcome to talk of the nation.
0	everybody's going to have to pay more.
0	is he able to read the story?
0	they have nothing to do with it.
0	they examine their bodies not unlike horse.
0	al-qaida had a hand in the abduction.
0	they said we intend to do this.
0	just a couple of comments on that.
0	why do we care about net neutrality?
0	and in those days it wasn't allowed.
0	president trump isn't taking part in that.
0	so they all said it sounds good.
0	what's the state of play on this?
0	well the irs has a fraud line.
0	thanks and merry christmas to you both.
0	oh i'm supposed to give him one?
0	do you want to play the game?
0	where do you get the most cysts?
0	but people are excited about it anyway.
0	and they all had this common experience.
0	they routinely grab students by their shirts.
0	we reached him today in new orleans.
0	jackie calling us from carson city nevada.
0	but nate what's your perspective on this?
0	so i think he's thoroughly enjoyed it.
0	i doubt if it's going to happen.
0	mr. berkowitz thanks for being with us.
0	so ayesha let me start with you.
0	he was one of the lucky survivors.
0	actually we are not a small city.
0	they know what works for their body.
0	i don't actually know what that is.
0	they have conferences where they invite speakers.
0	julie mccarthy npr news santa cruz bolivia.
0	and that's the way they did it.
0	but is he special in some way?
0	you can't give me ashes over again.
0	you can't even tell anybody about it.
0	well the system deals with honest mistakes.
0	what got you interested in the python?
0	coming up i talk with preet bharara.
0	what's the animal and what's the word?
0	so this past week we called up.
0	we run a memorial service every year.
0	he may well not ever get caught.
0	why are we dealing with impoverished neighborhood?
0	why is he staying in your home?
0	it struck multiyear deals with u.s. hospitals.
0	i read that account in your newspaper.
0	robbie dennis followed that news story closely.
0	this is the morning in america visualization.
0	thank you for coming into the studio.
0	how do people think that would work?
0	but still he wants people to prepare.
0	some of them hid under their beds.
0	here's an email from dawn in charlotte.
0	in a sense   we don't really know.
0	as ready as i'm going to be.
0	what how do you respond to that?
0	they helped me to clean the backyard.
0	her new film is wild mountain thyme.
0	how much time will you give him?
0	more on the protests in a moment.
0	and thats a hard decision to make.
0	she strained her back from picking berries.
0	there's no valve to shut off right?
0	volcanoes for instance also means geothermal springs.
0	how do we get through our days?
0	ancient egyptians used it to make perfume.
0	and this was one concern i had.
0	and once it's calcified it's very hard.
0	i mean i'll give you an example.
0	he is the son of the third.
0	but that number hides a big problem.
0	i think there are a few concerns.
0	he arrived in st. louis in 1857.
0	mr. holmes thanks for being with us.
0	today we are taking a different tack.
0	and now he can just say no.
0	sakhalin what about that issue of gender?
0	probably nobody knows what's going to happen.
0	you know women multitask all the time.
0	reggie brown heads the florida tomato exchange.
0	how are the astros doing you know?
0	so last year we saw 3d tv.
0	from member station wbhm andrew yeager reports.
0	the question though is how is beirut?
0	i think that's a really big question.
0	you know what those hair cells are.
0	errin haines let me bring you in.
0	it's more person-to-person than over the air.
0	and the name of it is vaccine.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	he says thank you to the press.
0	newport says what's most interesting is movement.
0	so we feel pretty good about it.
0	what is your reaction to that john?
0	we didn't get into all this overnight.
0	i don't see links in this blog.
0	i'm still in high school 11th grade.
0	i mean how do you get this?
0	longtime home for the san francisco giants.
0	i mean these are all for-profit companies.
0	npr's philip reeves is in caracas now.
0	well fortunately my wife is a nurse.
0	traditional indian madhubani painting and peacock designs.
0	one patient unfortunately did not make it.
0	but that was just the final straw.
0	they were equally glad to be here.
0	and arthur ago why don't you start?
0	elisa's are used in home pregnancy tests.
0	from kinderhook to kosovo iraq to haiti.
0	i think it has to some degree.
0	so we went down to montgomery ala.
0	we're going to take a quick break.
0	so i certainly have empathy for them.
0	we still have students that call us.
0	we do have a quick programming note.
0	it's got to be the conservative party.
0	you just came from surgery this morning.
0	one was 17 one was about 14.
0	i'm actually on the republican central committee.
0	it was the day i got married.
0	and they all do it slightly differently.
0	his story begins on march 25 2011.
0	and lo and behold that experiment worked.
0	the rtd the rough tough and dirty.
0	half got two shots of a vaccine.
0	there's so much that we can do.
0	who should be considered an essential worker?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we were selling 75000 respirators a month.
0	i mean is there a distinction there?
0	all that was in the stage play.
0	that means both states are offering stuff.
0	and that 2011 person is bin laden.
0	and let's play but keep it clean.
0	that apparently did not resolve the dilemma.
0	painful illness you get in your joints.
0	but missouri treats it the same way.
0	and dana i wanted to ask you.
0	and i think the answer is yes.
0	well they certainly are a sharp contrast.
0	and you can see where this leads.
0	i made my way towards staff sgt.
0	you know you have to teach everything.
0	and i want to get a colonoscopy.
0	melania trump making very brief remarks there.
0	a very small percentage in our community.
0	a follow-up question then to you sen.
0	unfortunately the data lags a couple years.
0	so let's say i'm suspicious of it.
0	when they play they play to win.
0	jesse thanks very much for the call.
0	thank you very much for calling in.
0	they're quite they are really quite horrible.
0	but first israel's raid on the flotilla.
0	yes barack obama's numbers are not great.
0	w.s. merwin died yesterday at age 91.
0	well because it can change your life.
0	you want to read this first one?
0	that's cliff albright of black voters matter.
0	he's correspondent for the christian science monitor.
0	in-n-out managers earn about $100,000 a year.
0	her walls are a flimsy floral print.
0	have you been able to confirm that?
0	i never thought of it that way.
0	but this is one specific case right?
0	we just want everybody to do it.
0	in darfur it's been called a genocide.
0	there's so many people to let down.
0	he's with the association of equipment manufacturers.
0	you flip it to george w. bush.
0	you didn't need to do anything else.
0	my dad used to joke about it.
0	and here's a little bit of that.
0	he joins us from new york city.
0	it's actually building that relationship with students.
0	so what's the timeline for new orleans?
0	do you foresee fireworks or make nice?
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	that's roughly $2 billion of today's dollars.
0	polls show him second in the running.
0	what are they likely to die of?
0	is he going to get the touch?
0	it was a big day for sure.
0	governor heineman welcome to day to day.
0	mr. gamal thanks for being with us.
0	i'm not sure about this final section.
0	we have to have a balanced budget.
0	sherman plans to return the unopened oculus.
0	let's see what happens to the economy.
0	and i'm just like this is disgusting.
0	so egyptians never heard any of that.
0	this was a couple of months ago.
0	but first a little more about matt.
0	how big is the sport right now?
0	and then there's the atlanta fed's gdpnow.
0	every answer has at least five letters.
0	i'm going to read you some sentences.
0	democrats say it's all election year politics.
0	why do you feel she needs sympathy?
0	you can stop by my house anytime.
0	so that's when it happened for me.
0	however he could only give me one.
0	and that's what we ended up doing.
0	they're clearly unhappy with the eu accession.
0	i forgot how many years that was.
0	and i sort of put it down.
0	yeah i think it's just unavoidable right?
0	and so is it the whole family?
0	she said she always considered herself pro-life.
0	it's not an army and a navy.
0	the supreme court made that very clear.
0	i want to turn to suzanne dimaggio.
0	zerger says the response was overwhelmingly positive.
0	it's called weekends on all things considered.
0	so yeah it's been quite a year.
0	i listened to it over the weekend.
0	he was also famous for his lifestyle.
0	but points are very easy to understand.
0	three four games a week you know?
0	he was not in the shadows movie.
0	i bet you wouldn't mind mentioning that.
0	this is the reason why we're engaged.
0	yeah it's going to be a nightmare.
0	has anybody ever asked for privacy before?
0	they really asked him to do that.
0	well richard we're glad you're doing well.
0	she was temporarily paralyzed on one side.
0	and macedonia is a very poor country.
0	hurkchand got the call he'd been dreading.
0	i would've taken easter elsmere or elba.
0	it has not happened since the 1860s.
0	it's riskier not acting on immigration reform.
0	so creativity there's always room for that.
0	we can't afford to tear it down.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and so states have to protect themselves.
0	it's about my family and my kids.
0	i want to echo what lily said.
0	walker wonders whether he deserves his success.
0	with a another 150 in the pipeline.
0	yeah and in this house for nine.
0	we had a mixture of prairie species.
0	a future palestinian state became a given.
0	and you're just listening to britney spears.
0	he doesn't have one mark on him.
0	the mother responded defensively to each detail.
0	they're we have to respect their sovereignty.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	that is the highest in recorded history.
0	we were thrilled that that fell apart.
0	are they going to try again tomorrow?
0	this is a special day for us.
0	right about which part of the interview?
0	you have a very crossword friendly name.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	and click on talk of the nation.
0	that triangular diplomacy is already very delicate.
0	we're not done with this pandemic yet.
0	this is really core singer-songwriter of 1971.
0	we can't expect them to do that.
0	joni mitchell put out blue in 1971.
0	and we begin this morning with politics.
0	i may start off with a twist-out.
0	and sadly the diagnosis was not wrong.
0	and so then what happened during 1840?
0	but you know it's time to start.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	so i think that was one point.
0	we've reached him in the united kingdom.
0	you didn't know he'd be impeached again.
0	we went to washing our hands here.
0	you need a couple more don't you?
0	and it's not that movie at all.
0	i don't think anybody would urge that.
0	the rest are in danger dangerous structures.
0	you touched on this already dr.   levy.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i mean this isn't just affecting farmers.
0	they say it cannot go into effect.
0	urine is actually it's a big deal.
0	so we're in really really gray area.
0	and i honor you for doing that.
0	so that is what's going on here.
0	she's in tulare county south of fresno.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	google passed those images along to amazon.
0	let's take a phone call actually neal.
0	dan never faked anything on the radio.
0	his father   was our emissary to london.
0	i think the internet could be confusing.
0	it hasn't affected the incense of autism.
0	first npr's rob gifford reports from london.
0	we need to take advantage of it.
0	the israeli threat or the iranian threat?
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	i guess the ultimate question is this.
0	that's our fire alarms in the tent.
0	really the best tool for the job.
0	what would be your recommendation now general?
0	how'd you raise money in the '70s?
0	and acid turns green vegetables yucky   army-drab.
0	what will you be looking for danielle?
0	sherif aziz talking with us from cairo.
0	you know they wanted to have one-box-fits-all.
0	he thought his great-grandfather was a   demagogue.
0	so she's a hero to both wings.
0	they became widely used in the 1990s.
0	that's tim nelson of minnesota public radio.
0	professor brewer thanks for talking with us.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i'm thinking ground fog or gulf stream.
0	do you know where they're physically located?
0	aaron david miller is also with us.
0	symptoms of immobility and stasis and stuckness.
0	let me just let me just draw.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. gordon.
0	many different suppliers sell virtually identical bands.
0	there's a couple of things in that.
0	there were clashes outside the courtroom today.
0	it's around it's frankly a religious issue.
0	thanks very much for joining us tom.
0	he wanted them to do that first.
0	joanna thanks so much for joining us.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	but anyway that's neither here nor there.
0	oh you have to tell the story.
0	what time   will the turkey be ready?
0	but on the other hand come on.
0	this city must and will get better.
0	and gusty is just an extraordinary composer.
0	mr. dwyer thanks for being with us.
0	and he finally found the perfect model.
0	thank you so much for coming in.
0	what are they able to do there?
0	one example the epa's clean power plan.
0	a lot of houses are rentals now.
0	americans for responsible solutions funded the commercials.
0	well two things actually not just one.
0	that those are some very strong words.
0	we're there between four and five hours.
0	that's npr's sean carberry reporting from kabul.
0	i was very very close to dying.
0	i can't speak for the marine corps.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	he's watching a movie of his choice.
0	npr's soraya sarhaddi nelson is in cairo.
0	and should he be held criminally responsible?
0	so lynn caller what do you think?
0	and we're taking your calls at 800-989-talk.
0	he didn't refuse to answer my questions.
0	tell us what he was talking about.
0	and this is how dave chappelle answered.
0	i wouldn't be able to do that.
0	in florida yesterday romney said he disapproves.
0	e. lynn harris we're taking your calls.
0	his writing is famously flat and neutral.
0	thanks so much for your call paula.
0	it was also a mind-boggling ethnic mix.
0	my first reaction was oh my god.
0	he will set off a big fight.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	that's the biggest monthly drop this year.
0	regan's deal with o.j. simpson was bad.
0	i don't feel like it's habit anymore.
0	that's the number one thing i heard.
0	it was a family in a way.
0	the bad news is this is serious.
0	charlotte in where you calling from charlotte?
0	those saudi airstrikes have been just unrelenting.
0	there must be about a thousand   flavors.
0	in this case the opposite is true.
0	asra thanks so much for joining us.
0	it came out during the vetting process.
0	also it had some border security measures.
0	oh absolutely i think it's quite different.
0	he started crying when he read them.
0	in many ways progress has been sluggish.
0	but he didn't stop being a zoologist.
0	there even have been marches in support.
0	since the book's publication diane any reaction?
0	she is not exactly an ambiguous response.
0	the results have yet to come back.
0	he'd been lured basically to a meeting.
0	so let's hear now from elise hu.
0	we do not recommend a stay-the-course solution.
0	a few blocks away there's another barricade.
0	the room seemed to respond really well.
0	i mean people are downloading movies too.
0	it's not an easy thing to do.
0	now they say three firefighters were killed.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	he went on to play at usc.
0	she says i love to crunch numbers.
0	here's npr legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg.
0	but yeh added back the missing chemical.
0	well they did think we were insane.
0	we're not going to budge an inch.
0	my christmas placemats not worth anything now.
0	from member station wnyc janet babin reports.
0	did he go straight to white supremacy?
0	the result has been some amazing music.
0	he just was such an amazing man.
0	an exam confirmed that he had ptsd.
0	chris with us from valley springs california.
0	jacob thanks very much for the call.
0	i teach philosophy and humanities in reno.
0	i think laura silber alluded   to that.
0	thanks very much for the call jason.
0	it's a very controversial subject for sure.
0	i mean yugoslavia is a spectacular failure.
0	he joins us today from the campus.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	earlier today i spoke with david mapp.
0	why what do you think has changed?
0	we didn't get a lot of attention.
0	in other words from their take-home pay.
0	there are a long list of adjectives.
0	would you pour me a glass please?
0	then there's some issues around gay marriage.
0	a little hard to form a minion.
0	we can't afford to wait that long.
0	not all that money's been spent yet.
0	this is a very clear cut cause.
0	democrats are expected to hold that seat.
0	and that was one of three topics.
0	here's more of trillin reading the poem.
0	thank you   very much for having me.
0	well what do we mean by healthy?
0	have you ever voted to limit abortion?
0	asian american pacific islander children about 38%.
0	hi there ailsa good to be here.
0	isn't that what our system's all about?
0	that's how you deal with being frightened?
0	oh is there like recognition for this?
0	and that's where jay jensen comes in.
0	there's peanut winnie tux and dozens more.
0	so we'll get started with public comment.
0	so why does facebook need a levee?
0	in 1989 claiborne resigned from the company.
0	nurses watched him take his morning pills.
0	packer is a writer for the atlantic.
0	i've heard this from men as well.
0	he's up for three golden globe nominations.
0	it's an indirect affect on corn prices.
0	i cannot sleep for a single minute.
0	politicians say constantly we can go abroad.
0	i think that's a pretty safe bet.
0	i want to make that very clear.
0	but michael westfall of urbana ohio writes.
0	well there's a couple of different things.
0	this one is from january 17 2003.
0	some members of congress saw that report.
0	have you taken any vacations this summer?
0	and these things come up every day.
0	so he was living in his car.
0	the sea was filled with sea nettles.
0	that seemed to become our real purpose.
0	well i'd hate to speak for him.
0	no. the reward pathway is the same.
0	what do   they do for a living?
0	floodwaters are still rising in some areas.
0	npr's emily harris joins us from kiev.
0	well let's get an answer from mark.
0	now let me ask you a question.
0	homeowner's insurance basic policies don't cover that.
0	npr's mara liasson for us this morning.
0	and they were off by how much?
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	what did the secretary say about that?
0	and i suspect that is a yes.
0	let's hear a scene from your film.
0	we have phone a cheap cheap   phone.
0	you don't have to be out here.
0	we've told mexico the tariffs go on.
0	just listen to me for a minute.
0	we doubt very much that's the case.
0	there's this sultry nightclub jazz acoustic guitar.
0	i could listen to his voice forever.
0	brazil's government bureaucrats can be extremely obstructive.
0	we actually had tickets to the event.
0	there's good college football in the sec.
0	i got nowhere with that at all.
0	so there's a lot of catch-up involved.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	we're going to talk about technophobia now.
0	and good to be with us today.
0	helmut kohl then the chancellor in germany.
0	i had never been to berlin before.
0	this is rice farmer nicole van vleck.
0	and that's probably a good thing right?
0	and if they did what they say?
0	but i would love to go back.
0	in other words we will get justice.
0	so he's in a very difficult position.
0	you have snipers car bombs house-to-house fighting.
0	coo deven kataria is overseeing the activity.
0	his mattress his writing table his footwear.
0	they don't want to find the rohingya.
0	eleanor beardsley sent this report from brussels.
0	roy thanks very much for the call.
0	we mentioned nuts and yogurt and potatoes.
0	and there's always a shift in priorities.
0	auto insurance is grossly profitable out there.
0	i got kids at home that's hungry.
0	a whole group of regulars that's awesome.
0	it's good spy versus bad spy again.
0	in the southeast asia they love crystals.
0	and right now i'm   having a real.
0	larry diamond is that a fair assessment?
0	i'm not saying buy everything they like.
0	vermont public radio's nina keck has more.
0	stuart with us from ann arbor michigan.
0	so i encourage people to be patient.
0	but the question is what's happening now?
0	it has been an incredibly changeable day.
0	that's the thrilling part of this thing.
0	and the conference meeting is weeks away.
0	they think it's it makes them uncomfortable.
0	we're just not very good at it.
0	you had the chance to interview him.
0	he joins me now for a preview.
0	activists and journalists have been jailed here.
0	at this point it's ideological for sure.
0	they're invited by chavez for military maneuvers.
0	and what did you take from that?
0	president trump is going to be there.
0	there's been a lot happening with kashmir.
0	you know they're playing a double game.
0	so we were unable to get there.
0	joe biden has a latino campaign manager.
0	you know was it all for nothing?
0	but i promise not to use it.
0	it's a loss of the parent's attention.
0	does he have an issue with me?
0	larry with us from sheridan in oregon.
0	hiring is our top priority right now.
0	and these suckers are very very sensitive.
0	i worry about getting into an accident.
0	did you come away with a souvenir?
0	jay and i were on the phone.
0	so you're suggesting that there's two mechanism.
0	a lot of people had walking sticks.
0	it's just two teams just locking horns.
0	bobbie jones is the mayor of princeville.
0	he's got nine family members to feed.
0	why is doubt worthy of an alleluia?
0	david okelo felt the hand of providence.
0	and americans always have to be prudent.
0	how about what employers might give up?
0	so this is probably it for now.
0	polcyn says angola was a mosasaur jackpot.
0	he'd been running these illegal radio stations.
0	i want to be there for them.
0	there's also the endangered key largo woodrat.
0	you know we need to find something.
0	in the '80s he was very open.
0	but you were a great player asma.
0	so that's where that patience kicks in.
0	but there's a whole lot of water.
0	yeah flair for getting people into trouble.
0	his date i believe is june 18th.
0	really there's an intensity to this year.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	were you in favor of that law?
0	today president assad announced a general amnesty.
0	he's actually here to talk about shopping.
0	it was a staple for the aztecs.
0	this is like almost fingerprinting a product.
0	we have a lot to talk about.
0	they are not happy with the decision.
0	bilal what'd you make of the film?
0	how does the computer deal with it?
0	but jerry lewis is also a republican.
0	he runs into his friend conrad martens.
0	so all these   are babies of pro-link.
0	he stopped captivated by what he saw.
0	other callers encouraged us to think big.
0	and we've seen our school grow exponentially.
0	for workers of course that's good news.
0	what's the potential downside to this strategy?
0	even miners like tony have been affected.
0	but tsojung was born here in queens.
0	what's the country and what's the creature?
0	and in baghdad you can't do that.
0	so california voters how did it work?
0	so if that happens to be down.
0	i'm not so sympathetic to drug dealers.
0	the world cup is coming to russia.
0	they voted for none of the above.
0	and recently they had gotten back together.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and like suddenly i was like wait.
0	what struck you about that night onstage?
0	thanks a lot for speaking with us.
0	he's treasurer of the california republican party.
0	these techniques won't completely cure the disorder.
0	i mean i was a single parent.
0	npr's david welna reports from the capitol.
0	and so you got to change opportunity.
0	why was his name on that list?
0	i'm not a category of a person.
0	but baby corn itself is very profitable.
0	this is topic number one for him.
0	still kalsang was right to be nervous.
0	but now you need a digital resume.
0	increase the limit on the credit card.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	reporter joanna kakissis along the greek-macedonian border.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	of course there are individual exceptions but.
0	i think we'll move forward without that.
0	they're trying to authentically create a sitcom.
0	gregory maguire thanks for being with us.
0	what do you think should be seen?
0	i asked him why so many rewrites?
0	just do what you want to do.
0	yeah i mean i think you're right.
0	we can't ignore the issue of immigration.
0	i barack hussein obama do solemnly swear.
0	and they didn't do it very well.
0	so that's the debate about children's health.
0	you know the transfers the promotion parties.
0	and all he can do is document.
0	and it changed your idea of home.
0	this is our mechanical electrical penthouse space.
0	and that's what the president should do.
0	that helps him run his quarterly meetings.
0	so the market's like a bellwether right?
0	what do we know about those conditions?
0	i don't really need that much money.
0	and he called the obama victory historic.
0	but anyway that would be my plea.
0	he's upset about the banks and regulators.
0	but california state supreme court justices disagreed.
0	an ad popped up on his screen.
0	the language was very very tough today.
0	it's called the law of the river.
0	yes yes we love it very much.
0	they are all in non-command jobs now.
0	to our knowledge on scene taking pictures.
0	that's actually the origin of the word.
0	public service especially high level public service.
0	i do kiss people on the forehead.
0	where is the bottom of that layer?
0	did you want to say something william?
0	i hadn't thought of it that way.
0	how does this whole scenario play out?
0	thanks very much for joining us today.
0	the food is often just an excuse.
0	nancy cook of member station wrni reports.
0	here's why i felt indicted by it.
0	both have lots of stars in them.
0	so many more families would be grieving.
0	and she joined us from tuskegee alabama.
0	that's about as good as it gets.
0	that he volunteered to provide false identification.
0	opiate overdoses have soared across the country.
0	please don't turn this into a romance.
0	here's a newsreel report from that time.
0	but obviously that came from spy magazine.
0	both men spoke about women and aids.
0	you know that was the whole thing.
0	and i emphasize this all the time.
0	and really what more could we ask?
0	right now a very very oily marsh.
0	that's kentucky governor andy beshear a democrat.
0	so where were most of the killings?
0	why don't you go and try it?
0	and at that point she toppled over.
0	he is the military spokesman in iraq.
0	all right will we have another week.
0	thanks very much for joining us today.
0	ron meissen is the director of engineering.
0	and you can actually look at them.
0	i guess in this america it is.
0	it's the real point of this book.
0	i mean it really is quite sobering.
0	clearly ravens fans like leighanne gibble believe.
0	they want to grow their families here.
0	how did he end up at guantanamo?
0	that sign says help wanted all positions.
0	larry siems posted the excerpts on slate.
0	i think shes the solution for california.
0	we face the same issues in afghanistan.
0	yeah it gets right to the point.
0	you know and that was by choice.
0	there are risks to this he says.
0	well mr. tyson it's been a pleasure.
0	that's not the case in the general.
0	well you know i think that whether.
0	but we never hear about the details.
0	but they're not expecting that from you.
0	michele kelemen npr news the state department.
0	what about that was reassuring to you?
0	thank you so much for this opportunity.
0	i feel it i in my bones.
0	there is a lot of abject poverty.
0	they're in an effort at damage control.
0	thank you very much for that story.
0	that is the work that remains today.
0	mary is calling us from leavenworth kansas.
0	it's been a pretty tragic scene here.
0	that is the same thing you goober.
0	and so you hadn't seen it yourself?
0	monday in this hour p. j. o'rourke.
0	this is a challenge for our country.
0	they wanted to stay and go   back.
0	she even got married had a daughter.
0	okay where do you want to go?
0	the majority of them left to ukraine.
0	you've got great reviews since your opening.
0	are more babies born after a storm?
0	we did a measurement of the fetus.
0	cells really like to attach to things.
0	the situation is getting worse and worse.
0	nancy pelosi was the first woman speaker.
0	but now he's getting some new attention.
0	he offered himself as a vice-presidential candidate.
0	and this idea came from many economists.
0	you know that didn't happen until 2008.
0	and andrew dysart thanks for joining us.
0	fifteen of them have already been released.
0	it's your fourth day on the job.
0	this is all for the lunch rush?
0	we're joined from baghdad by edward wong.
0	the republican frontrunners are our strongest candidates.
0	now we don't have an enforcement capacity.
0	how am i going to differentiate myself?
0	you have to decide who you are.
0	they drove the major stock indexes higher.
0	aaron burr is a very colorful   villain.
0	how am i going to stand out?
0	but that training was useful to me.
0	and that's the great joy of it.
0	mohammad thanks very much for the call.
0	i don't have that depth of knowledge.
0	well can't be too negative about it.
0	i fall probably somewhere in the middle.
0	that's been the pattern in recent years.
0	intel has reported its latest quarterly earnings.
0	so how are you doing now carol?
0	we have to take a short break.
0	and with that so do the unions.
0	where did you get brood xix from?
0	propublica's tracy weber was the lead reporter.
0	sprint has invest i believe $5 billion.
0	he previously covered edwards reporting for reuters.
0	that in italy produced some terrific companies.
0	anyway let's get jay on the line.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	what are you going to do tomorrow?
0	well there certainly are mixed feelings here.
0	basically the virus it can be round.
0	they need to be able to operate.
0	the city though turned down these proposals.
0	the answer is both and it's interesting.
0	david what do you think of jfk?
0	they start by talking to an anthropologist.
0	the bush administration thinks the system works.
0	but we're also a nation of laws.
0	huckabee should get ready for his close-up.
0	i mean we have to stop that.
0	here's schaaf speaking to npr's weekend edition.
0	at least one guard was reported killed.
0	ok ground rules there should be some.
0	you know it's hard to define success.
0	it's not   something i have to contrive.
0	so it's been a really wonderful thing.
0	it's a relentless cycle of violence here.
0	and he joins us from cambridge massachusetts.
0	the rebel leader he's just taunting us.
0	it's only 100 feet or so away.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	the exercise involves teamwork skill math creativity.
0	they were sending a message there too.
0	thanks very much for the call april.
0	the settlement will be a lot more.
0	well they have a very specific process.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	npr's david schaper is covering this story.
0	he can attract people like robert delgado.
0	so here's the new high-tech cool part.
0	traders in new york snapped up oil.
0	npr's don gonyea at the white house.
0	some of it is in the sediment.
0	it's going to be a long time.
0	yes it is in new york yes.
0	he said you're in the wrong business.
0	you should make sure that he wins.
0	he wanted the mental and physical challenge.
0	and let's get liza on the line.
0	basically a plane is flying through air.
0	they wanted to experiment on the airplane.
0	they're his new class of junior cadets.
0	it weighs in at about 670 tons.
0	we did use it for some things.
0	and our motto is lower and slower.
0	price says it was a natural product.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	but it's still something to think about.
0	the tigers have made the world series.
0	dr. chala is cleaning the donkey's hoof.
0	i'll be there and you'll do it.
0	in a suburb of st. paul minn.
0	oh you're going to be all right.
0	we haven't asked specifically for military intervention.
0	young people are very concerned you know?
0	so they were watching us quite closely.
0	but that may not come so easily.
0	he still makes a lot of money.
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	john your cell phone is betraying you.
0	gilani says safety is the company's priority.
0	npr's philip reeves reports on the dust-up.
0	it wasn't quite as simple as that.
0	so it's that's how movies are made.
0	well there's been a bit so far.
0	it's stuck to their suits their tools.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	trump opened the championship links last year.
0	and finally option number three go home.
0	tell us about ketchup's origins in china.
0	i've been a slave all my life.
0	they haven't really fully understood congressional processes.
0	msha had approved something called retreat mining.
0	he's still governing mostly from the center.
0	robert williams is familiar with this thinking.
0	and why not use the shorter name?
0	and i just want to say thanks.
0	i would like but i think not.
0	a mystery now of the reproductive kind.
0	that's standard operating procedure here in minnesota.
0	and then he you know did this.
0	black leaders not yet sold on obama.
0	it was a chaotic and hectic process.
0	i think we're having some technical difficulties.
0	it's so painful to imagine that scene.
0	its staff recruits trains and manages volunteers.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we too come from an apartheid government.
0	his campaign manager and chief strategist resigned.
0	was the city and the region prepared?
0	it became july 9th in the louvre.
0	it's aimed right at the anti-war   arguments.
0	and it can happen very very rapidly.
0	i think it's as simple as that.
0	then who was at the soapbox today?
0	you hate it because people lose jobs.
0	this is information the aclu had wanted.
0	what do you make of today's announcement?
0	i think there were seven different amendments.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	that's bringing in about $1,500 a month.
0	for example a conversation in one's home.
0	so maybe this will make me legitimate.
0	they're the ones who gather those numbers.
0	i can get it anytime i want.
0	boxie's creator alexander reben is an artist.
0	halfaker isn't wearing a prosthetic arm today.
0	i don't think that teenagers are kids.
0	i don't have any credit card debt.
0	how is kelly ayotte as a campaigner?
0	and i said fine i understand that.
0	i mean the experience must've been wonderful.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	that's what police are calling them anarchists.
0	he got there was a five-way primary.
0	colby vokey says that's precisely the problem.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	i've been a journalist for 30 years.
0	she's an even more iconic figure now.
0	now let's get one last caller in.
0	who wouldn't want a mind-reading robo tutor?
0	you want to know what's going on.
0	so what does that mean for cummins?
0	we want to know more about it.
0	and this threatens to do some damage.
0	it's about surgery surgery known as lasik.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	amy's with us from shamburg in illinois.
0	will you do better than your parents?
0	i also was 31 at the time.
0	they'd come and pick him back up.
0	for more we've got economist julianne malveaux.
0	i mean absolutely mind-boggling sums in fact.
0	i couldn't do nothing else you know.
0	unlike thomas scalia did believe in precedent.
0	it's that there isn't enough funding overall.
0	this is divided states on morning edition.
0	he is the inventor of the vegawatt.
0	he's not going to get political asylum.
0	john mcwhorter do you believe that this.
0	here is what spokesman russ knocke said.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	this is portrayed in edward zwick's movie.
0	most people simply call it food stamps.
0	do you actually want a physical fence?
0	they did awful things to each other.
0	and he is delivering a promise here.
0	now among biotechnology companies there's another trend.
0	she even worked for hillary clinton's campaign.
0	the second election they got one vote.
0	matt thanks very much for your time.
0	this all things considered from npr news.
0	so that can be other anti-anxiety medications.
0	let's take a call now from matt.
0	on the other hand there's another study.
0	i was teaching a full time load.
0	i did want to add one   thing.
0	indications are that's not going to happen.
0	there's an organization that's known as icao.
0	nate mazur had been talking to me.
0	he expressed a controversial and original position.
0	john pike is the director of globalsecurity.
0	adam hochberg npr news greenville south carolina.
0	will this quite the controversy robert traynham?
0	i think i need some alone time.
0	hello neal thanks for taking my call.
0	i'm linda wertheimer in for   renee montagne.
0	what no one agrees on is what.
0	ed thanks very much for the call.
0	it's what you might call an opening.
0	but that's kind of where it stopped.
0	is this a resource issue gen. schoomaker?
0	and there's smog in the air here.
0	and i guess juliana has left us.
0	it is a much larger city here.
0	though even that can be certainly tricky.
0	like chips candy like soda ice cream.
0	he is in zimbabwe covering this story.
0	i thank you all for your contributions.
0	and in some ways they still are.
0	that's all he said about the speech.
0	i think it's still going right now.
0	andrew from lynchburg virginia joins us now.
0	there's been some amazing pictures on television.
0	she also drives for uber and lyft.
0	lou dawson glen plake and doug coombs.
0	several get appointed by the white house.
0	yeah and this deal goes through 2017.
0	no it's navy and they want to.
0	hailey knows lauren through stories and photographs.
0	and i'm not talking about the snow.
0	the first year 38.1 percent dropped bmi.
0	it's not going to be a stroke.
0	there's a link to it at npr.
0	and there's a context here as well.
0	it's like well yeah you did but.
0	david i'm going to start with you.
0	flight attendants prepare doors for departure please.
0	and margie i hear the word harmful.
0	first the good news from medicare's trustees.
0	the summer heat is at its height.
0	how are things going there in calcasieu?
0	we know it and we are suffering.
0	quinn zimmerman with us from leogane haiti.
0	but we understand that countries operate differently.
0	kathleen camilli thank you for your time.
0	the bus was gone at that time.
0	what   else are they doing out there?
0	well thanks very much for the dialing.
0	he seemed   pretty confident in that number.
0	npr's richard gonzales is following the story.
0	it just means there's an association there.
0	the woods are an open-air food court.
0	send us sound and send us pictures.
0	what kinds of training would you recommend?
0	so you feel that you are secure.
0	neal could i make a quick point?
0	that was last year's wichita state shockers.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	we know that from reporting we've done.
0	what's it like to have road rage?
0	dionne thanks very much for the call.
0	they're not the great advocates of independence.
0	i challenge people to do it themselves.
0	but was this far and too much?
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	ferreira takes me through some math questions.
0	after the recession many jobs will return.
0	let me stop to ask you this.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	they've been in existence for 10 years.
0	a harvard team developed the new technologies.
0	from member station kqed lily jamali reports.
0	we didn't know who would go out.
0	you go in the store like ghosts.
0	even so she worried about potential competitors.
0	it's the little things sometimes isn't it?
0	ivan watson npr news kashane iraqi kurdistan.
0	i know you know what it means.
0	i hope it's been of some use.
0	a man wrote a book about this.
0	this was a controversy for eight years.
0	if i err advise me he declares.
0	she was never given particularly good roles.
0	and a democrat of course mary landrieu.
0	marilyn's calling us from gold canyon arizona.
0	he's been doing a lot of fundraisers.
0	who was he out stumping for today?
0	so new mexico is out of it.
0	you know sometimes you have cars there.
0	yes they are nice in certain ways.
0	so the problem is not the way.
0	that's the idea of medicare for all.
0	it's great to be with you scott.
0	in fact it has a rich history.
0	they became active in their congolese church.
0	he like swung me started swinging me.
0	the president's not obliged to take it.
0	we make it from the corn flour.
0	and if so does that concern you?
0	so how long does the l last?
0	we have this email here from connecticut.
0	romney served one term as massachusetts governor.
0	well there's some good news about that.
0	i write because i can't not write.
0	say your child goes to a sleepover.
0	i wonder if tom agrees with this.
0	shoppers are clearly migrating to discount stores.
0	john kasich yes up by 17 points.
0	well this is let's face it folks.
0	let's go to the audience here yeah.
0	and what's going to happen to them?
0	so what do the numbers tell you?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	brent have you tried this suit yourself.
0	prism appears to be something like that.
0	president trump is not happy about this.
0	i spent the night in the airport.
0	you have to adjust to the situation.
0	and that's where the war finds you.
0	he joined us here in studio 3a.
0	i you know i don't think so.
0	she's with us here in studio 3a.
0	for this i believe i'm jay allison.
0	we'll be taking calls on that later.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	see if you can say that again.
0	jerry thanks very much for the call.
0	and it's just been a complete joy.
0	well i used too many to count.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	she had a better line on it.
0	it's time now for our africa update.
0	jim wallis have you endorsed a candidate?
0	the company took vioxx off the market.
0	sergeant kathryn hamel of the fullerton calif.
0	thank you very much for calling in.
0	it's another small victory for the president.
0	well this report cannot be implemented today.
0	and they were proven wrong almost immediately.
0	i was like who is this woman?
0	i like that he's a moderate republican.
0	and right now we don't have that.
0	what do you remember from that time?
0	incremental little steps aren't going to work.
0	and it just makes you feel uncomfortable.
0	they get more rest and water breaks.
0	but the joke's on us she says.
0	we need you to judge the push-ups.
0	we have albright college from redding pennsylvania.
0	it's abouti don't know75 80 years   old.
0	yeah but i don't think that's right.
0	well no i think it's about life.
0	how will you use your extra second?
0	we do she says whatever we want.
0	and yet they do want some protection.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	they are happy to see him back.
0	we never scored we lost every game.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	yeah well just have to go shirtless.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	i had to give myself an award.
0	i had no idea what to say.
0	i just regret the whole thing escalated.
0	so what's the fed likely to do?
0	you can also comment on our blog.
0	again that's the victim's mother ursula ward.
0	it's a minority inside the republican minority.
0	there is still a lot of frustration.
0	i heard russ feingold and ron johnson.
0	and it's just a labor of love.
0	they were just gone completely wiped out.
0	the   french company total is exploring onshore.
0	and that was at the same intersection.
0	the bottom fell out of the ecosystem.
0	i listen to kuwj in jackson wyo.
0	i think they do in a way.
0	why does he have such staying power?
0	he now works to install redwood fences.
0	she's also a professor of biology there.
0	patrick skahill reports from member station wnpr.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	the company just reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	i mean they're in the news everyday.
0	he's only been in office five months.
0	they don't really know what to do.
0	they want to keep it a secret.
0	so that's essentially double the ice skating.
0	i couldn't have said that better myself.
0	lvmh has lately been snapping high-end brands.
0	i was using webcrawler at the time.
0	john barrie ceo and creator of turnitin.
0	and then they went onto the roof.
0	hello thank you for taking my call.
0	he says when you're homeless you're lonely.
0	he says he always feels welcome here.
0	or is something deeper going on here?
0	it's not about what's happening in greece.
0	when people are depressed they usually underestimate.
0	he's called san francisco home since 1947.
0	it never before happened in world history.
0	but these are very very tough people.
0	i've ridden in many chinook helicopters myself.
0	even the president faure gnassingbe acted surprised.
0	this is from bryan in louisville kentucky.
0	it's a pleasure to be with you.
0	but i just want to clarify something.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but today's rally was about restoring honor.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it's a little bit like coming home.
0	did he tell that to bob dylan?
0	that's stephanie littlejohn whose grandchildren are dancing.
0	kimberly wants to support her teachers too.
0	you saw the poverty rate get worse.
0	there are soft and hard brexit campaigns.
0	but these are very local positions right?
0	they couldn't even talk to male voters.
0	he really objects to being called wan.
0	so many questions neal so little time.
0	well we don't know about north korea.
0	tell us a little bit about him.
0	how do you help her fix that?
0	farhan thanks very much for the call.
0	not the news you're hoping to hear.
0	so there's a lot of snow here.
0	you and your big giant gas-guzzling suv.
0	for more we turn to rafael lantigua.
0	he was like typing the whole time.
0	do the same thing with sports entertainers.
0	there's this double standard there i think.
0	he has offered to take a polygraph.
0	we really haven't seen an official presence.
0	we're going to speak now with bud.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	would john edwards take a plea agreement?
0	we're going to let some people go.
0	or sending your kid over to play?
0	i had all the electricity worked on.
0	so that was then this is now.
0	my friends of america stands for anything.
0	that is a good idea right there.
0	dan pashman of wnyc's the sporkful podcast.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	well you remember what he said initially.
0	congress is finishing up a two-week recess.
0	but she says brazil isn't acting alone.
0	chris is with us from san francisco.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	tell us about the significance of him.
0	npr's lourdes garcia-navarro is in sao paulo.
0	he joins us here in new york.
0	and we've done for over 20 years.
0	well and this raises the next question.
0	we now live in a post-racial society.
0	and some people were crying and stuff.
0	i leave that to others for decide.
0	no no no. that's an important distinction.
0	so these were all private messages though.
0	that's npr health policy correspondent julie rovner.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and click on talk of the nation.
0	you can see them all at npr.
0	it was just a matter of time.
0	man that's 11 years before the mayflower.
0	and that report by joe nick patoski.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i'm not sure what that was about.
0	could i put a figure on it?
0	anna thanks very much for the call.
0	laurie is with us from portland oregon.
0	he is not remembered for the failures.
0	iran blames israel the u.s. and britain.
0	he's a wonderful character and very inspiring.
0	npr's scott horsley in seoul south korea.
0	thanks for having me on the show.
0	illinois has a deficit in the billions.
0	we are going to take that up.
0	they need the educational and training programs.
0	what strikes you most about this cycle?
0	she grew up in port arthur texas.
0	that's npr's tamara keith and sarah mccammon.
0	they've been at it for 24 years.
0	is that what the administration is facing?
0	but somehow the word stuck around anyway.
0	jonell thanks very much for the call.
0	listen to the first tone you hear.
0	i still think we were pretty good.
0	they survey around 3,000 americans each month.
0	do you have a question for him?
0	but today it's wide open for us.
0	i think you have to say yes.
0	and what were people going to say?
0	i'm ira flatow talking with flora lichtman.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	it made her think of her family.
0	thank you very much for   joining us.
0	i am guessing more men than women.
0	don't really know what's going to happen.
0	it was a very violent day today.
0	we have a little news this morning.
0	tokyo last hosted the olympics in 1964.
0	david greene npr news baton rouge louisiana.
0	so it's a it is a transformation.
0	but you know i was in   dallas.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	homes across the central u.s. are underwater.
0	of course al pacino as the devil.
0	he just went right slap through it.
0	but now no banquets are being served.
0	that's what i am a professional patient.
0	i had no interest whatsoever in that.
0	retailers enjoyed a fairly jolly holiday season.
0	this all cost $1.5 million a year.
0	and one of many reasons perhaps ted.
0	the question is maybe they're too relaxed.
0	i want to thank you very much.
0	she has a severe neuropathy chronic fatigue.
0	i don't even know what that is.
0	currently we do not see a problem.
0	thanks very much for the call lois.
0	the two houses are inherently different bodies.
0	it's as real as it can be.
0	what do you see in that face?
0	i don't let myself think about it.
0	one wants to play to one's   peers.
0	do we want to assume the worst?
0	a mob gathered outside to block them.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	he distrusts the rule of the mob.
0	so why did you keep on going?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	john a good thing for national banks?
0	and it continues to be a problem.
0	now there's a couple of interesting things.
0	ron let's walk through the calendar here.
0	a new version of covering the campaign.
0	she didn't she barely went to parties.
0	albuquerque authorities discovered an unauthorized fireworks show.
0	when we come back refereeing the refs.
0	that's npr's carrie kahn in mexico city.
0	but it's an important topic for me.
0	flora lichtman our multimedia editor is here.
0	but there's no question in my mind.
0	that's what ausl is really good at.
0	he wasn't wearing a cassock at all.
0	there is no one person in charge.
0	what are you looking for out here?
0	so it puts you into the fire.
0	you know him as npr's ron elving.
0	no he is i am dull richard.
0	it's not specifically for a voting purpose.
0	nobody was talking about the dress anymore.
0	or do you avoid the topic entirely?
0	they separated the men from the women.
0	rachel and michelle welcome to the show.
0	the real snoop don't listen to nobody.
0	we want to hear from you: 800-989-8255.
0	i can feel it in every interview.
0	but that zero-sum idea is a lie.
0	here's one popular theory of economic development.
0	and forgot to mention the wildcard pyongyang.
0	here's what patrick scully had to say.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	i mean you can pay for it.
0	i want to get all of this.
0	that's the regime is the non-proliferation treaty.
0	yet i was the american citizen right?
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	butler died in milwaukee at age 66.
0	prices of corn have been rising steadily.
0	he read multiple drafts of the show.
0	it's different if you're black or white.
0	except this being 2016 it's in technicolor.
0	this is a big time for sports.
0	you know i've got quite a collection.
0	let's get some callers on this conversation.
0	london says they were in iraqi waters.
0	no and neither israelis who did it.
0	is there a you know vote woodrow?
0	it was trending towards that direction   before.
0	lots of action on capitol hill today.
0	but anyway it raises questions about it.
0	and that may be a quixotic campaign.
0	so that is what happened to him.
0	at this point the talk's with congress.
0	so one is joy one is sadness.
0	and chris you set to go back?
0	let me insert a skeptical question here.
0	and they would take turns doing that.
0	he was 52 a drummer always joking.
0	and i made it look really nice.
0	well it was a couple of things.
0	andrea barrett was once a biology student.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	well it ranges from excitement to outrage.
0	but it's unclear what happened to it.
0	mr. woodfox's alibi witnesses are now deceased.
0	yeah i did it twice this morning.
0	we haven't thought about that at all.
0	it was really one for the books.
0	no that's definitely what i'm talking about.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we didn't regard   spelling mistakes as errors.
0	what is perseverance looking for on mars?
0	when he was examined he went unconscious.
0	so i went to another salvage art.
0	and i've heard some really bad ones.
0	he doesn't remember anything about that night.
0	and we started actually with scale models.
0	pakistan in turn is responding to india.
0	vanessa rancano from member station kqed reports.
0	and now my coworkers are telling me.
0	angela thanks very much for the call.
0	all those delegates in favor say aye.
0	it's about a global war on terror.
0	we have a couple of minutes left.
0	hey how are you guys doing today?
0	they knew what they were getting into.
0	ryan thanks so much for the call.
0	ricky sekhon you played osama bin laden.
0	what do you think was behind that?
0	this is what she told the crowds.
0	well let's go to the answer page.
0	well let's turn now to the future.
0	so where does this back-and-forth stand now?
0	india has the world's worst air pollution.
0	now none of this is particularly new.
0	it's a small island in the caribbean.
0	what are you watching for going forward?
0	also my father was a violent alcoholic.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we have now reached the second chapter.
0	i can understand being a little irritated.
0	but again those names haven't been released.
0	today he's celebrating his newly cleared reputation.
0	so they chase us to the border.
0	so i'm still involved in the sport.
0	i told him he was hurting me.
0	my body isn't bikini-worthy but it's healthy.
0	i was just like this is weird.
0	that's independent journalist john otis in colombia.
0	let's face it it was pretty exciting.
0	and then i moved to new york.
0	we know this diet makes people sick.
0	nutritionism though is a very powerful ideology.
0	well it happened for a few reasons.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	she's not really protesting a bad grade.
0	also you tell stories throughout this book.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	and they can be in the network.
0	by then kyle's dad couldn't work anymore.
0	they fight about it all the time.
0	we don't have to worry about it.
0	it's been shared a couple thousand times.
0	that was richard harris npr science correspondent.
0	you leave that baggage at the door.
0	the taliban massacred them in the thousands.
0	why do you use the five-second rule?
0	i think the wall is a necessity.
0	anytime you knock somebody out it's exciting.
0	no and i'm not taking a shower.
0	quick to retrieve quick to open camouflage.
0	i have no mental picture of them.
0	when can i go to the arcade?
0	i think the actor is actually scottish.
0	rahul kashyap is describing the victim's mindset.
0	no no and actually i don't know.
0	when you're doing prevention you're addressing everybody.
0	language is like the most important thing.
0	we've had him on the panel before.
0	yeah i'm taking notes on you today.
0	all of that is not our problem.
0	dahlia lithwick is legal analyst for slate.
0	oh yeah that's a really good question.
0	today is december 1 world aids day.
0	jim kasting is with penn state university.
0	he led operations on a recent day.
0	it's already happening in the west again.
0	you said that people should make a.
0	and it was it was very successful.
0	i was called out for being wack.
0	like they're going to look at me.
0	the key is changing the reward system.
0	and let's get mel on the line.
0	more of your calls in a minute.
0	i'm curious about one thing in this.
0	they're supposed to get there this weekend.
0	pain disease death cigarettes were to blame.
0	it doesn't even have to be us.
0	army of thieves is streaming on netflix.
0	and she was like wait a minute.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	and now the fda is cracking down.
0	and i mean maybe a lot less.
0	an exercise device worn around the wrist.
0	i don't think that's a real third.
0	some were shocked others not so much.
0	what's the challenge you have for   us?
0	well it does a number of things.
0	jessie jackson of course worked in chicago.
0	better than the best in the world.
0	tarolyn and i have always been close.
0	the rest with messages from the players.
0	i think you're a little bit late.
0	so that really is a different situation.
0	no no. and people misunderstand chapter 11.
0	this is back in the 19th century.
0	in her case she's already felt it.
0	but the water is now the enemy.
0	we want to hear from other actors.
0	they did not report these salacious details.
0	molly just kind of happened to me.
0	he's the white house coronavirus response coordinator.
0	particularly when she began the eagle forum.
0	about half of their clientele is international.
0	polly toynbee commentator at the guardian newspaper.
0	now that's the first thing i'd do.
0	but yeah i'm a very tactile person.
0	glasses of tea and sweets are served.
0	can you tell me what that's about?
0	now cheryl a couple of controversial issues.
0	do you avoid them as outmoded frippery?
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	and that's by once a day swabbing.
0	i knew about all those other places.
0	there's something else that's interesting that happens.
0	but there could be an air pocket.
0	some are practicing what he calls hyper-localism.
0	were you for example educated by nuns?
0	you know this company is 80% male.
0	good of you to join us today.
0	jim with us from meridian in idaho.
0	this is the blind leading the blind.
0	you can keep taking the pain medications.
0	let's say you carry a $5,000 debt.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	we'll watch it some day with you.
0	i was a young fly chocolate diva.
0	but walter didn't have to fake it.
0	and after that people began to dig.
0	i've been diagnosed with atherosclerosis heart disease.
0	so again two familiar sayings in three-word.
0	here's day to day's karen grigsby bates.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	other sectors are being affected as well.
0	that sounds like a complete npr propa-gander.
0	and that really has sparked more outrage.
0	these are certainly some very damning accusations.
0	npr's isra rubaie contributed to this report.
0	nobody knows where he is right now.
0	well there will be consequences for sure.
0	so we've had eight years of zigging.
0	i'll be using handbag from now on.
0	well rachel people are worried about abstention.
0	these are the saddest of possible words.
0	she's a member of the city council.
0	has icann truly been an international organization?
0	if so how long did they stay?
0	this is the indicator from planet money.
0	marketplace's jill barshay is here with more.
0	it's a subject that's impossible to convey.
0	did they wind up making the case?
0	he was very popular during brexit deliberations.
0	my favorite there was one y'all had.
0	and this is certainly bannon doing that.
0	tell us a little bit about that.
0	i mean this is pretty great right?
0	you're talking about people like mark twain.
0	yesterday those groups immediately leaped into action.
0	ludovic who's in at least the running?
0	she might have run off with tybalt.
0	we see it in our own kids.
0	we're the manager of that gas station.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	now larry says i know the signs.
0	senator amy klobuchar she's a minnesota democrat.
0	we go to her for the latest.
0	robert morris thinks social media can help.
0	donald trump is now testing those expectations.
0	next thing you know there's national guard.
0	mihaela noroc joins me now from berlin.
0	elon musk has about $300 billion apparently.
0	so i photographed raquel in north brazil.
0	she is 26 and lives in houston.
0	well they haven't commented on it directly.
0	i think that was really what happened.
0	his fellow charity worker nadal hussein nods.
0	he stands for what we stand for.
0	so you'll say hey that's not right.
0	that is a key question for policymakers.
0	and now she's raising her child alone.
0	or is it that plus something else?
0	in theory private insurers could cover aduhelm.
0	it may well be to include mandates.
0	well liquid crystals that name confuses people.
0	we are sending mixed messages to russia.
0	so that's actually the idea of this.
0	he says politicians cleaned out public coffers.
0	but next wednesday that's going to change.
0	but what else is in this bill?
0	but that seems to have changed now.
0	well of course the danger is there.
0	well charmaine thanks very much for that.
0	nobody has created life yet have they?
0	not everyone was engaged in undoing that.
0	clearly the prosecutor feels that they are.
0	here in southern california there's tremendous relief.
0	and that's a little unusual before halloween.
0	good to have you with us david.
0	the bottleneck at the airport has eased.
0	this is fundamental and it needs reform.
0	the skin is purple the muscle dead.
0	npr's deborah amos brings us this report.
0	it was a fairly tepid defense actually.
0	there are a huge range of people.
0	so probably we're eating too much meat.
0	and he said that she got schlonged.
0	chris thanks so much for coming in.
0	it is almost the exact same show.
0	the tree recorded exactly what had happened.
0	i just simply say you're shutting down.
0	but when someone tried to comfort her.
0	could you give me your ticket stubs?
0	it doesn't sound like a hit record.
0	burt bacharach carole king holland-dozier and holland.
0	so let's start with the president's address.
0	i just can't afford to get away.
0	martinez has reinforced the walls with wood.
0	so you two what's this all about?
0	but it doesn't take effect until september.
0	we're asking listeners to join us today.
0	and we kept some livestock like cows.
0	some people believe that constitutes an abortion.
0	welcome to talk of the nation garrett.
0	they traditionally don't get into street-level dealing.
0	martha's calling us from haleiwa in hawaii.
0	it gives you i mean it's funny.
0	didn't expect that reaction but that's ok.
0	and let's get jason on the line.
0	it was too difficult for the visa.
0	and hopefully find one or multiple substances.
0	it was 39-year-old congressman joe kennedy iii.
0	with the whole situation with the pandemic.
0	which category would you put yourself in?
0	something similar question was asked of ghazala.
0	elizabeth flores is a local labor attorney.
0	of course you're welcome to join us.
0	she's been blacked out this whole interview.
0	and did you recognize the song camila?
0	tell us how we would do that.
0	we still don't have a library here.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	i will say that it's very emotional.
0	that's how it is for ina morton.
0	they're incredibly complicated and usually take years.
0	like oh he's trying to be wholesome.
0	rather they're really quite savvy at negotiation.
0	but that's not the purpose of it.
0	i lost a very very dear friend.
0	yeah i think that's probably the case.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	and her sisters escaped and she didn't.
0	they're not in a separate bubble anymore.
0	democrat jennifer palmieri and republican kevin madden.
0	and he established these marathon 30-hour shifts.
0	it was willie simmons' story in march.
0	you're the african-american police chief of dallas.
0	to some extent those concerns were misguided.
0	is there such thing in generation z?
0	that's the top doctor at the pentagon.
0	when they're ignored disaster follows pretty quick.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	institutions are doing the work for us.
0	so it's very hard for the candidates.
0	i remember you coming home stabbed up.
0	well let me put it this way.
0	but we'll call him a lieutenant commander.
0	we don't get tied into that s.
0	now explain what happened over the weekend.
0	and like the whole room went silent.
0	what was the sunni walkout all about?
0	and the film has now been completed.
0	i think part of that is advertising.
0	interesting that she raised that example louise.
0	i am independent but i lean conservative.
0	you have got to be kidding me.
0	and in journalism the same is true.
0	this demonstrates a major shift he said.
0	teenagers do all sorts of foolish things.
0	that's as far as i'm going man.
0	that was an important aspect for him.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	so the distinction is very very important.
0	the robot is very much a punchline.
0	the psychiatrist there said harvey had ptsd.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	is zimbabwe now at a tipping point?
0	good morning and thanks for joining us.
0	what do polls say about that seat?
0	there are seven players to a side.
0	how did that get by the editors?
0	she said do you think you could?
0	he directly attacked mousavi's backer hashemi rafsanjani.
0	nanotube analyses should be shaken not stored.
0	everybody in the crowd knows the story.
0	someone had recorded a drive through town.
0	not i mean not when it's happening.
0	sounds like i caught you on this.
0	we really are focusing on the homeless.
0	well let's get randy in on this.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	what are the names of these films?
0	you heard mr. mulvaney complaining about it.
0	we got the best chicken in town.
0	they could just be united any minute.
0	and he was quite expert at that.
0	the people here are friendly friendly atmosphere.
0	just looking for the faults on them.
0	justin talbot calls it embracing the suck.
0	in fact my daddy say highly educated.
0	he's an organizer for move america forward.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it fits in somewhere in the middle.
0	they feel that there were appraisers involved.
0	an orthodox government rabbi sets the rules.
0	i mean it's very it's very technical.
0	well let me get to the phones.
0	this has been happening for a while.
0	yeah it's a good place to live.
0	from ferguson npr's hansi lo wang reports.
0	and we've been suing them for years.
0	so we go into the emergency department.
0	i'm very much looking forward to it.
0	so what we do for our art.
0	and it's an ongoing job for sure.
0	the band of montreal isn't from montreal.
0	we should put money into the economy.
0	and they understand that and they're willing.
0	trust in the supreme court has dropped.
0	he didn't get the job in dubai.
0	but planning for the future is important.
0	we're hearing far fewer predictions these days.
0	now i spoke to moderna about this.
0	this is mike in st. louis missouri.
0	he's been wearing chuck taylors for years.
0	what about those who are still missing?
0	i mean that's what pr firms do.
0	but maybe she has suggestions or ideas.
0	his message worked for 44-year-old michele jones.
0	and we asked about isis of course.
0	the chinese historically have had more influence.
0	so we kind of pushed them back.
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	that's very much in our national interest.
0	lisa was there too with a photographer.
0	a lot of the records aren't public.
0	maybe you have the same meal together.
0	why don't you stay in your lane?
0	so a trillion would be a thousand?
0	and it appears to be stephen sotloff.
0	you must feel lucky to be alive.
0	we're going to follow wherever it leads.
0	he worked for chevron for 17 years.
0	i personally resent being called a liar.
0	but we're not in the deportation business.
0	alfer   explains what's likely to take place.
0	for about six to eight years perhaps.
0	yeah but not all clowns are mimes.
0	so what does israel expect from hamas?
0	i have done all i could do.
0	all right we're on our way there.
0	beef prices were already at record highs.
0	she was his guest on his podcast.
0	three sub-lethal exposures to diverse proteotoxic stresses.
0	i knew you years ago from harvard.
0	we are living longer than ever before.
0	what do we use that money for?
0	there's still going to be scattered trees.
0	i believe this   governor has a heart.
0	so   there's a lot of stuff down.
0	taxpayers now own 80 percent of aig.
0	or were they just some of them?
0	in fact she was born in cincinnati.
0	you always want to keep maximum flexibility.
0	that's like a higher level of performer.
0	i'm going to get your name wrong.
0	let's talk about where coursera is now.
0	i think my parents believed him absolutely.
0	she arrived in the u.s. last year.
0	it's taking a lot out of you.
0	but they need to treat us better.
0	like who's more vulnerable who's less vulnerable?
0	look again this is not an accident.
0	his latest book is the shia revival.
0	have a happy new year to you.
0	it has to do with my name.
0	there are some programs by customs cbp.
0	you know like it was very different.
0	katie morgan runs the busy corner cafe.
0	and i connected to skateboarding and hip-hop.
0	we have been together for 33 years.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	so it only lasted a couple days.
0	so i really personally struggled with it.
0	well i hope they do too neal.
0	that's blown way way out of proportion.
0	that's npr white house correspondent don gonyea.
0	hundreds of people work behind the bars.
0	have you come out of the closet?
0	you know my parents are married right?
0	i'm a capitalist and i'm a republican.
0	staff sergeant smith thanks for joining us.
0	someone else has felt what i felt.
0	did you ever hear the term lanyap?
0	rick thanks very much for the call.
0	will spiders or ants eat their eggs?
0	she and gillibrand are in their forties.
0	he's not watching saddam or the soccer.
0	and the fact is that they're wrong.
0	he was asking some pretty technical questions.
0	so let's listen to this one first.
0	they gave the pens to the schools.
0	and that might be a good thing.
0	they say out of prison you know.
0	frankly it's hard to tell you too.
0	we'll be back in just a moment.
0	i mean you are the majority whip.
0	they are trying to build their self.
0	jeff sutherland is ceo of scrum inc.
0	martin kaste npr news harney county ore.
0	they're holding a second hostage a jordanian.
0	i basically was like my first question.
0	we wound up at the star bar.
0	of course some situations are worth improving.
0	it has taken time to set up.
0	again click on talk of the nation.
0	and i'd happily take the answer offline.
0	this isn't a new issue for them.
0	what did you have for lunch today?
0	so that for me is the area.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	i think it's a really good idea.
0	he maintains deep ties to the city.
0	those resources is what built this country.
0	he's a professor at ucla law school.
0	they talked to a lot of astronauts.
0	kelsey what's the plan for this one?
0	who's mentoring them and who's guiding them?
0	and along with the greetings comes guidance.
0	when you put it out on match.
0	up next ready for an insect invasion?
0	we started smoking them a bit gently.
0	good luck seeing them this year gary.
0	he was definitely brief in his responses.
0	those questions were meant for a child.
0	they were like meant for a child.
0	kenneth kuttner welcome to day to day.
0	on that note guys thanks so much.
0	wiener is now confronting new sexting allegations.
0	so i own a unit in chicago.
0	well that weeks turned into three years.
0	every one of us has been there.
0	i want to achieve things in life.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	what was wrong with that other surgeon?
0	she says it singles out one religion.
0	and then they'd want to get down.
0	peter thanks so much for joining us.
0	no you're the ones initiating the violence.
0	well some of it more than once.
0	ladies i'm talking to you right now.
0	but johns considers that they'll-follow-us-home warning propaganda.
0	this is defense attorney barbara van gelder.
0	do you still want to   buy it?
0	they're upset with roads that aren't paved.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	what do you think he's up to?
0	we are strong and we are resilient.
0	the passages can be so clumsily written.
0	we have one other employee our bookkeeper.
0	don't let the cimex lectularius bite you.
0	a new rifle scope manufacturer opened up.
0	there's got to be a logical explanation.
0	for example fairgrounds park in st. louis.
0	they are as american as melania trump.
0	and with that you move up to.
0	what was the disposition of your case?
0	you know that's out of my hands.
0	steve teske clayton county juvenile court judge.
0	vermont has maple syrup northern california wine.
0	i reached him in geneva earlier today.
0	she's senior writer with wta insider there.
0	well the answer is no one knows.
0	i think it came out in '87.
0	you know is this a old record?
0	i don't know what to tell you.
0	i didn't   want to deal with it.
0	he is the company's chief operating officer.
0	i mean it's such a cutting-edge thing.
0	make sure your fire is dead out.
0	for an incumbent speaker of the house.
0	they're buying up property infrastructure and farms.
0	we want to hear about your experience.
0	they said a deliberate act of sabotage.
0	and they represent the biggest widespread vulnerabilities.
0	mike your children are in their teens?
0	stanley clarke thanks for talking to us.
0	so i spoke with a sleep researcher.
0	we'll have to do this again soon.
0	but not struggling also causes you pain.
0	i don't know what we were thinking.
0	ten candidates actually got the 500 signatures.
0	you can't find the people look alike.
0	we were just talking about urban films.
0	art thanks very much for the call.
0	the other issue for us is vaccines.
0	they want help and they'll take munitions.
0	i mean we were kind of helpless.
0	and they could be very moving films.
0	but you know things are still murky.
0	he has to change on a dime.
0	well the news was actually huawei audie.
0	sometimes i think it's we're like automobiles.
0	and so now i'm paying it back.
0	it was pretty darn cool on tv.
0	oh i'm so fed up with you.
0	we're the greatest superpower in the world.
0	but she is really an amazing person.
0	and this is how she describes it.
0	it doesn't seem an art to me.
0	she counsels patients about contraception and stds.
0	and i'm going to add one more.
0	have they talked about real health-care costs?
0	i was a ham radio operator yeah.
0	the major one was immigrants as animals.
0	what's the nature of a person's temperament?
0	do they feel there is an imbalance?
0	she joined us from npr's chicago bureau.
0	so we can have fun in christ.
0	i was like jamming a little bit.
0	in the courtroom the prosecutor opened today.
0	the picture is inscribed on the back.
0	but i really like it you know.
0	i'm trying to be stealth about it.
0	your options are a lot of gray.
0	i've talked to border patrollers down there.
0	albert davis had almost no formal education.
0	forty-seven million people are uninsured et cetera.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i mean earl ofari hutchinson is african-american.
0	the protest here today is very robust.
0	all these people been here for years.
0	but being a turbine technician isn't easy.
0	to me this is the hardest part.
0	thank you mr. gordon for the opportunity.
0	i don't know how you do it.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	it's sort of a curved sinuous building.
0	we're still going to talk to you.
0	they've prevented system changes without user approval.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	it's somethingit's sort of an open measure.
0	she was very important in my life.
0	so the karzai government called a truce.
0	actress katharine hepburn playwright eugene o'neill sen.
0	tolo tv a popular broadcaster didnt disappoint.
0	it will let me i'll pick one.
0	but they cannot just simply threaten us.
0	and what is causing this accelerator erosion?
0	he's a nine-year veteran of the nfl.
0	they're people we feel like we knew.
0	that is cheating of the highest order.
0	she writes the blog all about race.
0	junior jay birth is a former marine.
0	joe palca's here tomorrow with science friday.
0	i don't need anyone looking after me.
0	it didn't change policy in any way.
0	she described herself as a stay-at-home mom.
0	did you figure out why you did?
0	and he joins us now from sweden.
0	and they were kind of book ends.
0	are they very disappointed in south korea?
0	how does one read a graphic text?
0	well i mean it's a little tricky.
0	maybe this is a sign of confidence.
0	so i can have something to contribute.
0	many international investors are worried about him.
0	i'm looking forward to seeing the series.
0	allan yee retired from ford in 2007.
0	there were people dressed in army uniforms.
0	in public accounting the market is excellent.
0	how are people reacting to that message?
0	well it's more complicated than that neal.
0	all you need now is a job.
0	he's already thinking about what's needed next.
0	there's more variability within the laugh series.
0	well how do you they are laughing?
0	did you accidentally crush any of them?
0	everyone knows that's what's at the center.
0	whose responsibility is it to change that?
0	this is the so-called transitional anglican cathedral.
0	yeah but he didn't write about it.
0	you're a widow now he tells her.
0	she joined us from npr west studios.
0	thanks for sharing your song with us.
0	you know she's only done a few.
0	zatanna is not exactly a household name.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	he's going to   defend everything he's said.
0	seems   like you can't believe him anymore.
0	the kids were like this is fascinating.
0	so that also cuts into the vote.
0	and the illness is becoming more severe.
0	i'm a christian i believe in christ.
0	this created a bit of uproar recently.
0	you just mentioned the corridor of shame.
0	but every individual oil deal is different.
0	it's not clear about the sixth reputation.
0	not everybody fits into that twiggy cookie-cutout.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	nothing will be the same for years.
0	and yes i am filled with pride.
0	secondly we talked about command and control.
0	but that's something else to worry about.
0	and i read the cover walking home.
0	npr's david schaper asks the key question.
0	jessie is calling us from lansing michigan.
0	so anyway it is in people's minds.
0	i'll take my answer off the line.
0	the investigation draws detective hays to amelia.
0	and takeaway five remember pleasure is powerful.
0	it might be a little excessive tonight.
0	schneiderman says that's where his investigation began.
0	nearly 20 euros or something like that.
0	or did you meet at nursing school?
0	so will the senate take that deal?
0	so technical degrees are they in demand?
0	forty-two percent of americans are against it.
0	will it turn into a political organization?
0	we've been given a very large   responsibility.
0	his name is henry john chitty harper.
0	you have to explain that to me.
0	and again that's likely to come up.
0	this is a down time for everybody.
0	and the photographs looked like vacation shots.
0	that's a pretty shocking rate of error.
0	i mean this is manny being manny.
0	i mean i hope it's not aspirational.
0	you know frankly it's almost humanly impossible.
0	so far no one has signed on.
0	they want it to ramp up quickly.
0	they're not on the loose in karachi.
0	back in november in cape canaveral fla.
0	i think he's definitely going to sign.
0	is that going to be a problem?
0	of course daycare isn't always like that.
0	not that it doesn't go far enough.
0	i might use it it's so euphonious.
0	well yeah that's a very interesting argument.
0	he joins us from studios at yale.
0	a sorbet with squiggly rice starch noodles.
0	her mother candas mackie is so proud.
0	that's true there wasn't much earlier work.
0	my friend always good to be here.
0	we   don't want to use it ok?
0	what thats known as is algebraic thinking.
0	there's no one who sees the whole.
0	jeremy thanks very much for the call.
0	it's dry there a real luxury suite.
0	andrew how long did you do this?
0	whether judges order detention varies by county.
0	how does this fit in you think?
0	and that's what i think about this.
0	the electricity grid is more than wires.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i wouldn't call it a big one.
0	and i would create little elaborate stories.
0	well that's your agenda not the presidents'.
0	or california three strikes and you're out.
0	it's good to be here brother neal.
0	i'm a little bit sad about it.
0	well he certainly has his political agenda.
0	america requires constitutional officers and moral leaders.
0	henry with us from southfield in michigan.
0	we'll be right back after a break.
0	and holmes had no background in medicine.
0	so raul was there to remind them.
0	your parents would usually get in trouble.
0	other presidents have done this you know?
0	tell us a little about the history.
0	most wildfires are started by people accidentally.
0	so with yvette's assurances she went ahead.
0	it rippled out for that family forever.
0	he may not like that idea though.
0	that was not our intention at all.
0	all the girls have the same haircut.
0	i was recently i had breast cancer.
0	former canadian ambassador to afghanistan chris alexander.
0	but its defeat she's going to lose.
0	i didn't that as a problem then.
0	he figures he can get the superdelegates.
0	and information about the dangers of alcohol?
0	what's nursing like for you right now?
0	what will the president tweet about it?
0	it's like an ira fund for education.
0	there are so many questions they're facing.
0	to be honest i really like them.
0	and the second word is pay attention.
0	let's keep it real in here again.
0	and that's what clinton is counting on.
0	but what else are you worried about?
0	the koran is written in arabic yes?
0	well i was nervous in the beginning.
0	they can go   ahead and do it.
0	we were talking about the hubris syndrome.
0	premier nazarbayev wants to get into it.
0	well moving along to more problematic issues.
0	he's on the phone with us there.
0	it was great talking with you lynn.
0	here i am quoting joni mitchell again.
0	how has this consumer continued to   spend?
0	and i'm mara liasson national political correspondent.
0	they are still trying to get out.
0	ted thanks very much for the call.
0	they all attend the school for free.
0	this is a very heavily wooded city.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and thanks very much for the call.
0	and people watched and they were there.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	well appeals is what the states fear.
0	and she said can you hear me?
0	npr's lulu garcia-navarro and her sister caroline.
0	i mean that's a decent size knife.
0	i wouldn't say that she suffers permanently.
0	chery meanwhile is china's rising automotive star.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	let me ask what you guys do.
0	do you think you'd like bacon candy?
0	examples include anxiety postpartum depression and ocd.
0	are the coaches really concerned about this?
0	and that's a terrific challenge going forward.
0	you know i'm tired now you know.
0	that's how you're going to gain attraction.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	there's nothing i don't like about it.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	so my family physically they are ok.
0	francis fennel what's your thoughts on that?
0	it wasn't it didn't really demoralized me.
0	no other retail services will be provided.
0	francesco thanks very much for the call.
0	and we did like a six-month contract.
0	it's an example of art deco shanghai.
0	it's not going to work for everything.
0	it's hard to stop someone with nothing.
0	you're probably sleep deprived and completely exhausted.
0	do we all play the same team?
0	thank you all you guys out there.
0	all of the information sources are helpful.
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	i wouldn't have coped well at all.
0	it doesn't need this equipment any more.
0	is it too straightforward to guess fish?
0	that was more than 30 years ago.
0	they're there they're formed the previous summer.
0	lauren is calling us from san francisco.
0	so who knows what will happen later.
0	you don't ask children to behave well.
0	flesh that out for me george whitesides.
0	that it's going to be tricky right?
0	paul with us from nantucket in massachusetts.
0	and thanks to gramm-rudman-hollings that meant sequestration.
0	but that was after the draft was.
0	how did the kids respond to it?
0	i mean number one the fraud continues.
0	it's like they're using a partisan reason.
0	and why is that do you think?
0	that's our co-host ari shapiro in zimbabwe.
0	you all have talked about some already.
0	it doesn't matter what else we do.
0	they've promised a number of new products.
0	just go with me on this one.
0	and that is how north korea feels.
0	they're both warm sunny places relatively prosperous.
0	i need this like for my brand.
0	i would have done the same thing.
0	but that's another argument for another program.
0	but this is a very personal thing.
0	that's just that's how it should be.
0	live from new york it's saturday night!
0	so that's kind of a loaded question.
0	jim with us from jacksonville in florida.
0	you say it like it's a fact.
0	and i'm going to protect my family.
0	and her whole job was so different.
0	neda alwan hesitantly peeks around the door.
0	she was just bundled up in it.
0	the night was festive from the beginning.
0	it's kind of funny being taped huh?
0	you might have heard of this story.
0	and blinken was pretty candid about it.
0	hospital workers make a dash six three.
0	welcome back to day to day wade.
0	more mamet tomorrow on day to day.
0	that was cannabis reporter amanda chicago lewis.
0	the champion gets fame glory and $20,000.
0	yeah we had to talk about it.
0	but there's also some political risks involved.
0	he's run a large government bureaucracy before.
0	people are not happy with governor abbott.
0	because after all you can't skip life.
0	this has been an issue for decades.
0	it's not going to help you today.
0	i don't think english only will cut.
0	talk of the nation from npr news.
0	cory thanks very much for the call.
0	does that limit you in some way?
0	conservation international is thinking for the long-term.
0	he doesn't have to ask her out.
0	npr's susan davis for us this morning.
0	that terrible crash in lake michigan yes.
0	the governor was on the mayor's side.
0	for 10 years we've been setting records.
0	things are progressively getting better at burlington.
0	would this somehow retroactively affect this appointment?
0	how do goats get different accents then?
0	and now a story about big oil.
0	no no. not a good sound no.
0	what can you tell us about him?
0	it's about your decisions about child care.
0	thanks very much for the call virgil.
0	well things happened fast and furious frankly.
0	but he is not up for reelection.
0	and that's the flip side of it.
0	karen grigsby bates npr news new orleans.
0	do i want to go to discos?
0	it would just take one complicit employee.
0	have you gone through the new scanner?
0	she starts her first shift this week.
0	ruth the white helmets are rescue workers.
0	so that's the process that we did.
0	george welcome to talk of the nation.
0	the family puts on their best clothes.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	even in stepping away she's fully herself.
0	thanks for very much for the call.
0	he's come under suspicion for steroid use.
0	thanks very much appreciate your time today.
0	adam scott was so good in that.
0	anthony you're on talk of the nation.
0	can you read this sentence for me?
0	how does this argument land with you?
0	tell us what the economic value is.
0	all right coming up who said that?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and also what will the republicans hear?
0	there's a lot of ignorance in this.
0	it's more than she could've hoped for.
0	you know i'm part of the system.
0	nevertheless there's not a lot of it.
0	because the other side didn't want you?
0	and we no longer have that problem.
0	that's where it's kind of all happening.
0	we'll throw in these scenes that foreshadow.
0	i don't draw that connection or conclusion.
0	do you listen to much music today?
0	and they're going to continue to grow.
0	ohwe also have our listener john bachhuber.
0	slam that door real hard real hard.
0	it's a trend across the muslim world.
0	she's at northwestern university writing her ph.
0	police also report gunfire in that city.
0	let me answer that then more specifically.
0	we have to process all of that.
0	i think those are really important messages.
0	and i   haven't seen that proven yet.
0	can you tell me what that represents?
0	i did have to wrestle with it.
0	dick thanks very much for the call.
0	she's old enough to start tasting things.
0	i'm so glad to be with you.
0	stavros thanks very much for the call.
0	midterms are really coming up quick now.
0	this is alex chadwick for npr news.
0	how does this turn into a war?
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	i'd love to get married one day.
0	but that didn't solve their bigger problem.
0	why did you make her a housewife?
0	i thank you both for joining us.
0	and there's another reason which is money.
0	this is the week of the egg.
0	it was supposed to be a square.
0	that's what most fisherman wanted was justice.
0	jim thanks very much and happy thanksgiving.
0	the u.s. policy has been grossly mismanaged.
0	they're about delivering a message to voters.
0	both of those would be excellent movies.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	you're not going to play by ear.
0	there's a heat shield that protects it.
0	what's the secret to the success here?
0	and i'm thinking but you know what?
0	do you have a favorite afterlife story?
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	i asked her about working with pera.
0	it's one of my favorite schubert songs.
0	npr's business news starts with holiday shopping.
0	we went to work doing other things.
0	it is difficult as dr. perez   indicated.
0	what is the gop's message to america?
0	well what do you do in mechanicsburg?
0	you didn't know where you were going?
0	maybe we can see a phenology change.
0	and we need to do that together.
0	didn't appear to get make any progress.
0	you had a snakeskin around your neck.
0	you've got to get the lines right.
0	siouxrulean jakil come here real quick baby.
0	so are book reviews important to you?
0	rooms were typically built for 56 students.
0	cody's with is us from warsaw wisconsin.
0	well i'd have to argue with that.
0	the voice literary supplement no longer exists.
0	you can't wear them to milk goats?
0	they pay off their fines that way.
0	missouri is a key state indiana illinois.
0	and how long does that ride take?
0	jerry anne is with us from milwaukee.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	jill is calling us from san francisco.
0	that's what i was going to say.
0	so i think that kind of helps.
0	it wants to go to one atmosphere.
0	we got a letter from him yesterday.
0	do you have electricity right this moment?
0	we're talking scarlett johansson in this movie.
0	but first fiscal problems in puerto rico.
0	the western stem people or the clovis?
0	that the debates really count for something.
0	people will migrate when they're economically suffering.
0	first of all that's the wrong continent.
0	we'll be back with you on monday.
0	is alternative energy part of that concern?
0	he becomes quite threatened by her growth.
0	i don't think that it's so great.
0	you're going to stream your favorite music.
0	scott it's good to speak with you.
0	and it's a big issue for everyone.
0	most seem likely to take plea deals.
0	sexuality therapy center in new york city.
0	now it costs you about $3,000 average.
0	the action is secondary to their relationship.
0	they're grabbing and hanging on iron fences.
0	we try it in a humanistic way.
0	they were knocked out by the weather.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	it's really the remnants of people that's.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	genetically speaking it wasn't like anything else.
0	we cannot teach them the procedure itself.
0	north country public radio's brian mann reports.
0	if you're an outsider it's very difficult.
0	and that should be pretty pro forma.
0	i was just saying they're piling on.
0	what separates serena is one that serve.
0	you don't know what's coming at you.
0	and everybody said ok we're with you.
0	he we let him gravitate to it.
0	well texas is facing a big problem.
0	you know you can't live on that.
0	most of our floor workers are volunteers.
0	thank you so much for your time.
0	public transportation isn't really great over there.
0	well everything has a life cycle nell.
0	would you say that he was tortured?
0	you think we're sitting in the dark.
0	quick question from kim in bishop california.
0	go to hell that is strong language.
0	that's a good way of putting it.
0	this country's been very conflicted about that.
0	now go   ahead and go it carefully.
0	so she would boil like some leaves.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	do you consider a border wall silly?
0	and that's when everyone started moving about.
0	he was exuberant enthusiastic fun-loving sarcastic witty.
0	the capitol of louisiana is baton rouge.
0	how was he able to do that?
0	oh she's the lady with the shades.
0	i do iconic things for a living.
0	and they were singing in the hospital.
0	now that's a very specific targeted issue.
0	but on june 14 this story broke.
0	that's npr's health policy correspondent alison kodjak.
0	you could have fought harder you think?
0	we were parked in a parking lot.
0	it wasn't supposed to be this way.
0	and so we saw ourselves as people.
0	we'll see how they do against florida.
0	this one is like a multiyear practice.
0	there was no people in the trenches.
0	oh come one but those are everywhere.
0	but for me it always felt complicated.
0	it was actually preparing us for death.
0	the blaze is just three percent contained.
0	i saw my older brother do it.
0	now not everyone agrees with the senator.
0	so   you know it's a wonderful opportunity.
0	do you remain convinced that he's guilty?
0	we'll throw kissinger in there with it.
0	it's just that like nigeria rewards entrepreneurship.
0	but they have a lot of debt.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	there's nowhere else to get the cash.
0	you're in the middle of a career.
0	this is really seen on that level.
0	i talked about what she talked about.
0	that's how he keeps starting his answer.
0	julie rovner is npr's health policy correspondent.
0	until then i'll keep right on cutting.
0	and he says he'll say everybody's fine.
0	you have to have something to do.
0	now it's time for words you'll hear.
0	teague says his votes match his district.
0	you can't always get what you want.
0	i voted against it the other day.
0	so it is a huge step forward.
0	let me give you a sports analogy.
0	i also know that females develop faster.
0	women cannot be kept out or separated.
0	despite the english nicknames hierarchy reasserts itself.
0	so let's talk first about the republicans.
0	they he had tim montgomery become uninformed.
0	is this a change in the debate?
0	i asked him can i call you?
0	and i put an ad on journalismjobs.
0	well it depends on who you ask.
0	big sur is a popular tourist spot.
0	but we're not looking to   go backwards.
0	and i believe that he should resign.
0	there was no concept of personal time.
0	and what would that actually be like?
0	oh there are a number of reasons.
0	and linda where can they find that?
0	so rotondo only got two weeks off.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	you're listening to science friday from npr.
0	it means budgets have to be cut.
0	the poll watchers they can be unnerving.
0	and their mispredictions take a particular form.
0	they say they're business people not politicians.
0	you know i tell you what madeleine.
0	the newspaper usa today broke the story.
0	and so we're walking through it together.
0	having halima with me softened the blow.
0	well there's a young man from mississippi.
0	so this shows that there is preparedness.
0	so it's like a joke for us.
0	let's talk about some of the others.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	should that play a factor in this?
0	apparently this is not a good thing.
0	but again it just doesn't feel right.
0	thu spoke to our producer pablo arguelles.
0	who has been rising all that time?
0	lewis jordan did funny things on records.
0	and i responded we will do both.
0	vaccine passports could be a long-term solution.
0	hi you're on the air go ahead.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	the country is still deeply in debt.
0	that's how the black say see routine.
0	well it is a mostly symbolic action.
0	the computers are so much more sophisticated.
0	and i think that's legitimate as well.
0	well ironically k street was his undoing.
0	what give us your take on that.
0	you may be followed in a store.
0	i would say people with no power.
0	so it was a very different conflict.
0	but mls is different from other sports.
0	oh the octopuses hold the bags open?
0	so that would help the reaction occur.
0	and basically putin resisted all of that.
0	yes i am a former newspaper reporter.
0	and you know that's great anxiety there.
0	you know people are exhausted right now.
0	you know it's ironic you say that.
0	her husband works for a cable company.
0	sometimes it does rain in southern california.
0	i'm not going to eat the fish.
0	npr's lucian kim thanks so much lucian.
0	well it's about time to establish them.
0	last year we had a record flood.
0	marcia you heard my discussion with connie.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and what's the market for these things?
0	and that's not a financial conflicts-of-interest issue.
0	the nationalists like bannon and navarro won.
0	i mean i think it's pretty good.
0	that could take a couple of days.
0	ira thanks so much for having me.
0	we want to hear yours as well.
0	or do we ever get over that?
0	racism lives here and so do we.
0	i'm sure they think it went well.
0	the house is about 1,100 square feet.
0	how do you like your ipad chris?
0	if you want to cry you cry.
0	we need a new strategy in iraq.
0	it shows you a demonstration on video.
0	it would make things very very difficult.
0	afghanistan just got more dangerous and unpredictable.
0	there are other ways to raise hdl.
0	dodger pitcher ralph branca was an exception.
0	antonio french is a st. louis alderman.
0	it's a real pleasure to be here.
0	how are people responding this time around?
0	this is alex sink the democratic nominee.
0	all over the world we see this.
0	i think he can pull it out.
0	i was like this is so wild.
0	there's an extremely activist group in colorado.
0	trump meanwhile was onto his next steps.
0	it violates multiple u.n. security council resolutions.
0	i'm a man according to the test.
0	he joins us tomorrow in this hour.
0	she's on the line with us now.
0	well we couldn't throw anything away either.
0	very interesting expression what does it mean?
0	i won't provide a nominee a hearing.
0	and i'm really sorry that this happened.
0	she knows she can't change her circumstances.
0	they've got 450 trainers on the ground.
0	and i've certainly enjoyed my time there.
0	and that's great for both of them.
0	i remind myself i still have him.
0	ok it was a fake bear mascot.
0	only six cases do not just six.
0	so that's kind of the general trend.
0	they should not be subject to prosecution.
0	yeah be careful what you ask for.
0	it's not so much the antibiotic restriction.
0	so he's in a very difficult position.
0	not a small decision by the way.
0	father simon bautista has a different take.
0	new hampshire public radio's dan gorenstein reports.
0	and there are zero workers on it.
0	so his response comes as a surprise.
0	chris thanks very much for the call.
0	what does that mean in this context?
0	but we're also very worried about security.
0	still she concedes it's all very tiring.
0	it's illegal to sleep in your vehicle.
0	i wouldn't have been my first choice.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	ok was there history made this morning?
0	so far about 700,000 customers are affected.
0	and she said well that's too bad.
0	why do you want to be president?
0	well we'll have to see about that.
0	my parents came   there from ivory coast.
0	she was not elected as prime minister.
0	go ahead and make your comment quickly.
0	but we want to hear from you.
0	npr's ofeibea quist-arcton is in harare zimbabwe.
0	remember just one entry per person please.
0	it was a beat-up 1983 dodge shadow.
0	and so i did perform that night.
0	the cafe du monde has reopened post-katrina.
0	but chef lagasse says   moderation is key.
0	i just keep a lot of paper.
0	but still we can't have a job.
0	we really want to hear from you.
0	now to the ongoing democratic presidential race.
0	six of her books are set there.
0	oh i'm really happy to be back.
0	karen grigsby bates npr news los angeles.
0	he joins us now from new york.
0	act four throwing money at the problem.
0	everybody seems to be onboard with this.
0	the american automakers are not well   positioned.
0	and jon hamilton let me ask you.
0	i'm just speaking up for the people.
0	do you have access to a gun?
0	of course you're invited to join us.
0	we had a wonderful time absolutely wonderful.
0	no no no no. this is key.
0	act two more powerful than a locomotive.
0	stephen what is this song actually about?
0	but it wasn't what people were predicting.
0	only family knows how to sell family.
0	and yet it caused so much pain.
0	he never discussed it with his nephew.
0	that has actually made us less   safe.
0	to put it simply superdelegates have superpowers.
0	but again i want to be clear.
0	here's pentagon spokesman rear admiral john kirby.
0	are we willing to roll the dice?
0	and let me introduce dr. gerry gioia.
0	about 1,000 in the country have that.
0	i started the business as a hobby.
0	her hearings were the first ever televised.
0	but mitchell's tenure was not without controversy.
0	but that is a cause for concern.
0	judy shamo of san mateo california agrees.
0	and not all of them make sense.
0	well our sales have increased every year.
0	thankfully our trainer followed up on it.
0	the streetlights lit the empty strip malls.
0	she drank glass after glass of water.
0	it's totally thin just like a postcard.
0	i found abandoned wings in the hospital.
0	i was first attracted to her voice.
0	it's kind of hard to explain actually.
0	that's what basically linda ronstadt is saying.
0	that's from nathan kayhan of chico california.
0	he does not agree with sectarian cleansing.
0	the cumulative weight of a yearlong campaign.
0	like celebrated camp film director john waters.
0	coe's bar is packed to the gills.
0	i'll start with anabolic steroids particularly testosterone.
0	i was certainly wasn't full the capacity.
0	i had no idea what to do.
0	you walk into her home in dallas.
0	did he die of a heart attack?
0	but winning means something very different now.
0	his nephew is in the same street.
0	well i'm actually just high and dry.
0	and i've been back it's very different.
0	america god shed his grace on thee.
0	you have to be able to separate.
0	it takes a lot out of you.
0	they said they were depressed and down.
0	they have their various ways as well.
0	and you basically give them this intravenously.
0	it is a stress thing for me.
0	we feel that we are big family.
0	well ferrous sulfate is an iron compound.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	shaffer says the numbers speak for themselves.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i mean we'll see if that works.
0	how long do these chats last congressman?
0	what kind of regulations might be appropriate?
0	how much recovery progress has been made?
0	i have not read the book yet.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	thank you very much both of you.
0	so whatever happens the institutions need reform.
0	that's the kind of guy he was.
0	it's where the wright brothers flew first.
0	and this week they added one more.
0	we definitely cannot make little baby leemans.
0	what   makes you want to do that?
0	or give us a call: 800-989-8255 800-989-talk.
0	you know i would stick to it.
0	she joins us now for an update.
0	vickie always good to talk to you.
0	we have to love more hate less.
0	i'm sorry i can barely hear you.
0	he joins us from wbur in boston.
0	although who knows how they pass it?
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	has the show given you any answers?
0	what do you love about your job.
0	just get one out of the fridge.
0	and they really were fighting over it.
0	you know it's not just milk anymore.
0	can you say something different now scott?
0	last week he acted on his own.
0	it's been one for the past century.
0	i think the sportsmanship overall was good.
0	the turf issue it's a hard one.
0	but there was a lot of indecision.
0	and no one knows if it's safe.
0	what a difference a housing market makes.
0	jason you're on the air go ahead.
0	that money can be legally clawed back.
0	and they try to work with communities.
0	his income is taking a serious hit.
0	they all ask me the same thing.
0	i'm talking to you today from detroit.
0	is there more calls for more preparation?
0	we just have a few seconds left.
0	in law enforcement interrogations things like that.
0	it's really starting to feel very stifling.
0	those two could be in trouble too.
0	so where do these statistics come from?
0	so i think credible sources are important.
0	she's at the impeachment trial in springfield.
0	don't call her a science fiction writer.
0	it's inside the family of the church.
0	what do you think of that guy?
0	and a great honor thank you robert.
0	we talked a bit about this earlier.
0	it blends right in with the background.
0	robert with us from vacaville in california.
0	let's go to kate in st. paul.
0	they know who got the sugar pill.
0	i mean that's an absolutely fantastic example.
0	and let's go to this is emmy.
0	the problem really is not your megachurches.
0	but i've done a lot of research.
0	have you gone into facebook at all?
0	what about the people in the villages?
0	in fact they can be quite right.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but the supreme court saw it differently.
0	it's the smell of despair depression desperation.
0	so now as promised back to housing.
0	how can coerced testimony be considered probative?
0	they may mean something very very different.
0	and who makes that decision the president?
0	i've been working since i was 18.
0	msnbc host thomas roberts emceed the contest.
0	we're going to hear two legal views.
0	well i mean you call it nonsense.
0	it seems like the same polling question.
0	ding ding ding ding ding ding ding.
0	i mean the premise itself is fascinating.
0	sandra has had to adjust her expectations.
0	my next guest is a cheese expert.
0	in a cramped kitchen in fellsmere fla.
0	roxane do you see this at all?
0	they're very good people doing their jobs.
0	yuliana rocha says she's still in pain.
0	so they're trying to change the metric.
0	he thinks he's winning at one point.
0	and so yes china does have choices.
0	well i'm bowled over and speechless ari.
0	that's right $60 to $120 a pound.
0	you get to wear a red hat?
0	what happened afterward was more than spooky.
0	phil with us from jackson in michigan.
0	we need to look for the good.
0	approximately 46 million people are currently uninsured.
0	and that's if you play it once.
0	how open are we in interracial relationships?
0	so everything is a little bit different.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	jessica can you pull another one up?
0	and european officials face more troubling today.
0	meanwhile conservatives are striving to catch up.
0	i don't know the question went away.
0	well you know las vegas is hyperventilating.
0	well since about 8:30 last night 8:45.
0	and he promises to keep taxes down.
0	his challenge to sink a 20-foot putt.
0	it was supposed to be in russia.
0	and dorothy i'm so proud of you.
0	one was his claim about being wiretapped.
0	you know republicans were feeling pretty good.
0	what impact could scalia's death have there?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it could be about to get better.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	what world capital is hidden in there?
0	those will be the two big headlines.
0	we wanted to get to prison somehow.
0	it was an absolutely horrible horrible experience.
0	what if anything does that tell you?
0	marilyn geewax is npr's senior business editor.
0	where else are they going to go?
0	you're welcome nice to be here neal.
0	tell us about that a little bit.
0	and then they went into a cover-up.
0	they were that's required of a minister.
0	and that's one of the main things.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	what cheeses were invented in this country?
0	lobbying on behalf of a ukrainian strongman.
0	that's very difficult for me   to do.
0	they'll go well why should i vote?
0	that's something that we've earned over time.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	fernando jr. is here in studio 3a.
0	and i said yes partly it was.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	lobo walks down a row of lettuce.
0	for example it's a very fuel-intensive operation.
0	and let's start with you mr. krugman.
0	he knows other secrets about this village.
0	paul krugman do you agree on that?
0	i hunkered in a manhattan multiplex awestruck.
0	fda please don't let me die early.
0	tell us please something about that day.
0	but the plan does have its critics.
0	so there's more disclosure than ever before.
0	at first he specialized in removing them.
0	you know denmark is a great example.
0	this you know i love this place.
0	you'll take whatever they'll give you right?
0	so hopefully that's what makes it relatable.
0	he's been a very visible high-profile individual.
0	they engaged a lot of people online.
0	and we don't want everything to end.
0	i said this is her partner kelly.
0	burke and doyle were among the first.
0	a majority i think 65 said yes.
0	well let me tell you something pal.
0	i didn't know nothing about raising kids.
0	so how should we measure teacher performance?
0	so that's kind of a specific example.
0	so it's an exchange that's very   unequal.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. moniz.
0	and they're trying throwing money at it.
0	gerald is that the police or ambulance?
0	thanks very much for the call elizabeth.
0	it looks like a huge vitamin capsule.
0	people were booing shouting oh the humanity.
0	you want to give us the scoop?
0	how does issue-based voting affect people's behavior?
0	there's people here with cameras and stuff.
0	i remember we hit two more times.
0	this is something you know something about.
0	and i remember we climbed into it.
0	we went on to a lower one.
0	have you had similar success controlling costs?
0	maybe i'd get lucky on that bus.
0	the public option is a separate issue.
0	well they get passed for a reason.
0	it looks like just an empty space.
0	this is how i look at it.
0	it was just a crush of people.
0	you know it didn't start with us.
0	he's not a presence in the courtroom.
0	is that an issue you think about?
0	i was going to ask you that.
0	like the fathers on tv i guess.
0	most evidence in most cases is circumstantial.
0	the committee that made these particular laws?
0	he said well of course i am.
0	you this is your third country album.
0	so you know i didn't know that.
0	i would really like to echo that.
0	and here's an email question from vicky.
0	i have ultrasound pictures of gerald's baby.
0	thanks so much for having me robert.
0	now i got to pay the price.
0	he's a reuters correspondent in seattle washington.
0	and they're a little tough to get.
0	he hears about 40 cases a night.
0	how does that dynamic play itself out?
0	he voted to stay in the eu.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	how has this worked where you live?
0	hilla medalia welcome to day to day.
0	this field belongs to his elderly aunt.
0	i didn't know how it is like.
0	i've been mayor for a long time.
0	in some sense that they were victims.
0	well no i really don't think so.
0	where do you get your news from?
0	and he would ride through the neighborhood.
0	thanks so much for your call chad.
0	and i guess we thought we could.
0	though he just calls himself a vulture.
0	and voila you have a ghost town.
0	we believe in painting pictures as art.
0	it's just ridiculous is what it is.
0	they were going to have to sacrifice.
0	that's my main bitch about being here.
0	thanks very much for the call derek.
0	they were positive about their new commander-in-chief.
0	and i really strongly disagree with that.
0	i'm glad it has worked for you.
0	npr's anthony kuhn in beijing thank you.
0	and i'm looking out of the window.
0	and you're clinging on to that dream?
0	yeah this is gonna be a dandy.
0	but suddenly he's talking her into it.
0	ron you were trying to get in?
0	so far it's been very strong rhetoric.
0	hey it's the least i can do.
0	i was on the eastern eye wall.
0	jackie used to be a motivational speaker.
0	some people avoided them on the street.
0	so what should people take from that?
0	i think it was an irresponsible decision.
0	but it's this performance for one person.
0	my hands had closed into a fist.
0	we're all a part of the crew.
0	so north koreans do not have horns?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and i'm a little terrified about that.
0	that's already been around for some time.
0	but who has had the last laugh?
0	that's a good very good question actually.
0	let's go to art in bend oregon.
0	it took away our ancestors' names even.
0	i heard the roar of the crowd.
0	it was about the collectivity of society.
0	the star's around 6 billion years old.
0	claire godding disagrees with the quota approach.
0	what's been the reaction out in chicago?
0	i haven't met him myself personally yet.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	nice of you to be with us.
0	and so my whole life socially changed.
0	but those were modest one-time cash grants.
0	npr's barbara bradley hagerty has his story.
0	he hated the color of our skin.
0	i mean soap is this miraculous thing.
0	well what do i do about this?
0	i'm very concerned about the humanitarian crisis.
0	scott hamrah do you see a distinction?
0	we're going to take a short break.
0	he stresses the initial data are preliminary.
0	they decided not to sell it anymore.
0	i'm about to get on the plane.
0	facebook says it does have clear rules.
0	this was the thing about the post.
0	how do you feel to be here?
0	and it premiered pretty well didn't it?
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	great to be with you this morning.
0	this is what i mean about dawn.
0	the walls were missing chunks of plaster.
0	david gardner co-founder of the motley fool.
0	i'd   love to see the replay again.
0	a gang shooting with three other guys.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	so it's made for a great season.
0	npr's brian reed is one of them.
0	both boys caught a home run ball.
0	those kids hated her for hurting them.
0	until suddenly they bolt for the door.
0	when were frowning he make us laugh.
0	and that's an uphill battle in alabama.
0	we have residues of her mother's milk.
0	they've got a problem on their hands.
0	brian thanks so much for joining us.
0	and this is a pretty democratic area.
0	maybe all he needs is some peace.
0	it's like yeah that's a great idea.
0	let's hear a little bit of that.
0	sara's a healthy weight and very active.
0	now i'd like to introduce my quests.
0	thanks for being with us dr. frank.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	but first afghanistan is in serious trouble.
0	and also children's ears are more sensitive.
0	but that's just one of her jobs.
0	they   don't expect to get her out.
0	its arts and literature are world class.
0	and dorn says it'll affect business decisions.
0	the antiestablishment candidate roy moore is in.
0	i wonder what her first name is.
0	that's because i hit the pound button.
0	unfortunately time has run out on us.
0	i ended up getting in a fight.
0	hillary clinton is up in the polls.
0	i'm not even going to touch that.
0	well right now it's over southern mississippi.
0	wow and what does your husband do?
0	would that be too much to ask?
0	well there's always a demand for nurses.
0	i didn't know it was there either.
0	it has worked out well so far.
0	yes ma'am step up to the mic.
0	he didn't argue with anything anyone said.
0	and he is from the far right.
0	what does that do to the election?
0	the voters seemed to think so too.
0	and you know i still feel hopeful.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	why what was so different about it?
0	what we're asking for is three things.
0	act three the miseducation of josh frank.
0	what were you going to say alice?
0	you know this was so much fun.
0	and everything will happen when it happens.
0	well i have my calculatoryes i do.
0	and where was this person the leader?
0	you enter the city and what   happens?
0	act two dawn of a new era.
0	it was the city on the river.
0	this was back on june 30th 2009.
0	well that was the other story then.
0	the police have not shared a motive.
0	so does he know about your website?
0	it enjoys tremendous military and strategic advantages.
0	you profiled the firefighters of highland park.
0	and at first i didn't want to.
0	so i guess i'm within the parameter.
0	i'd never seen her in shorts before.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	i'm so tired of dealing with things.
0	we're going with significantly different concepts here.
0	todd curtis is the founder of airsafe.
0	but what do you think michael sawka?
0	it's too hot and i'm heat intolerant.
0	maybe it's because westerners believe in christianity.
0	he says time is of the essence.
0	that's a nice way to put it.
0	i've gone to funerals and church services.
0	you're listening to science friday on npr.
0	there's none other   larger in the world.
0	always delighted to have you with us.
0	it makes gaza look well really nice.
0	yeah well you know why wouldn't you?
0	greg's with us from sonoma in california.
0	i make five pizzas in 48 seconds.
0	so how do you get your information?
0	and the employers gave it to them.
0	most of them was traders or farmers.
0	but thanks very much for the call.
0	we know ahead at least five days.
0	jim thanks very much for the call.
0	i'm ready to talk about it now.
0	and apparently you drew the short straw.
0	president obama 25 national monuments he's declared.
0	finally i did the one right thing.
0	i don't want any more of that.
0	it certainly does and it certainly doesn't.
0	yeah when it rains we sell umbrellas.
0	we are all in the room crying.
0	it's a way to circumvent the congress.
0	i claim it in your name god.
0	thanks very much for that vince mark.
0	i think those are they're very important.
0	well we haven't detected evidence of life.
0	finally today we revisit the cold war.
0	none of which is good for you.
0	why should florida get all the attention?
0	you can hear he's talking about consequences.
0	hopefully insurance will pay for these improvements.
0	i am definitely registered as a democrat.
0	kevin rothrock thanks for talking with us.
0	well i have to leave now officer.
0	i mean it's a very complicated situation.
0	she had recently transferred to the class.
0	slow reflexes on the underwear bomber case.
0	they kill off local clams and mussels.
0	what are you seeing on tv there?
0	we're not the guys on the sox.
0	sometimes i get a little carried away.
0	the great depression was popcorn's big break.
0	but that again is a joke no?
0	and i usually take my shower first.
0	my daughter will be 26 in november.
0	they cost about $1 million a megawatt.
0	yeah i always bring him to school.
0	every day here is basically the same.
0	i have i guess a question really.
0	it's very relevant to the life issue.
0	ken is the trivia question thad mccotter?
0	yeah 2 million forward 1 million back.
0	thank you very much for doing this.
0	so we were seeing it in medicare.
0	we tried to get a new president.
0	nineteen-year-old andrew pattover is touring the museum.
0	asma khalid npr news sioux city iowa.
0	police describe her as 26 years old.
0	i think there are two separate debates.
0	but the principal was scared about that.
0	governor dean you're talking about economic questions.
0	see here's a clip of bush yesterday.
0	well it depends why it doesn't work.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	and we've got to choose mature impatience.
0	it's and it takes out the intimidation.
0	they would prefer not to use force.
0	correct $1,000 a year in higher premiums.
0	all right charles good luck to you.
0	that's near where the cruise ship capsized.
0	after 10 minutes the water is out.
0	that would be a 40 percent tax.
0	so how come everybody hits the trap?
0	owners come by to visit their pets.
0	all of the interviews are with prisoners.
0	thank you for this opportunity to share.
0	mint so you'd get this minty smell.
0	larry thanks very much for the call.
0	an anthology from the silents until now.
0	it's just a very minimal atonal sound.
0	this is weekend edition for npr news.
0	and there's another email that we have.
0	and then rain just poured like that.
0	i'm happy to pay my fair share.
0	he's traveling with president bush in germany.
0	all right well thank you very much.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	am i being lame and old fashioned?
0	we're joined by michele in the studio.
0	this band of robots is called z-machines.
0	how does that compare with their actions?
0	but we've seen this from him before.
0	what can be done to fix it?
0	what does your gut tell you mike?
0	i'm still married to my first wife.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	option arms had lots of different names.
0	i make absolutely no apology for it.
0	all right miriam thanks for the call.
0	so or somebody in the prosecutor's office.
0	it was not a highway construction project.
0	yes it is but it's better now.
0	the alabama senate has passed one bill.
0	brown says this legislation is long overdue.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i though that was an unnecessary foul.
0	montana governor steve bullock thanks so much.
0	your mvp marcus in the nba mvp?
0	to listen to   the show visit npr.
0	he joined us from new york city.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	the heart is a beautiful complex organ.
0	no no. i don't mean from mexico.
0	now let me be very very   clear.
0	what do they say its prospects are?
0	dan thanks very much for the call.
0	prince harry has come a long way.
0	and you know i understand the research.
0	i'm sorry this is 20 years ago.
0	no i agree with you 100 percent.
0	when you're waking up at 6 a.m.
0	you know let me bring in desmond.
0	and do they have racecars in that?
0	her star seems to be rising politically.
0	it did not happen in this case.
0	just saying a good judge shouldn't care.
0	i've been to kandahar two years ago.
0	and can we define what's extreme gerrymandering?
0	there isn't a match document for that.
0	and a quick response from theresa brown.
0	two giant shadows loom over the election.
0	now they are taking these transfer measures.
0	he never received any counseling or training.
0	and it's like this all the time.
0	how do you make them your own?
0	but up here we're just a number.
0	antoine moore is also flanked by lieutenants.
0	and i'm don gonyea npr news washington.
0	my blog right now is on wordcrest.
0	well he didn't give any more specifics.
0	but iexcuse me tom just a second.
0	they've been feeling some pressure from china.
0	i asked four african-american thinkers and activists.
0	so i got rid of the soul.
0	and then there's still the nuclear side.
0	he said the first message was forgettable.
0	so that was quite surprising for us.
0	so you've been out talking to voters.
0	san francisco bay became a wartime port.
0	is prevention one of your favorite magazines?
0	he created a new bipartisan debt commission.
0	they were very concerned about those comments.
0	economists reacted very badly so did investors.
0	like we need to change it now.
0	and again join   us again next week.
0	elliot thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	i've lived in texas all my life.
0	not as good-looking but a better singer.
0	well half of the answer was easy.
0	mess m-e-s-s and deckers as in double-deckers.
0	if you were an on-duty editor right?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	but these kids are in fifth grade.
0	it made house doors for mobile homes.
0	joe soenneker was born into dairy farming.
0	how did it work out in arizona?
0	we're talking this hour about voting technology.
0	you just collect them and reprint them.
0	i mean there are far many successful.
0	he joined   us from his office there.
0	he's a psychology researcher at u.c. berkeley.
0	well that's exactly what we're talking today.
0	does that register at all with you?
0	why don't you join my network online?
0	the ski industry is a weird beast.
0	most of the times not so much.
0	okay that's a youthful take on old-school.
0	a hot red sky forms the backdrop.
0	his reaction to the president this week?
0	and eric auld good luck to you.
0	twenty thousand or more will be adopted?
0	now his attorney general is following suit.
0	you'll see aydian dowling of eugene ore.
0	i think he made it over night.
0	well is this your first trip underground?
0	i can't vouch for any particular claim.
0	the rules have changed from the beginning.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	that you can't carry the big jar.
0	it's from the soundtrack of the movie?
0	it was just an amazingly frightening experience.
0	yeah what is a community of interests?
0	and this is more than a hint.
0	he said you won the nobel prize.
0	i guess i had that in me.
0	don't sign a blank form authorizing work.
0	it's been around for over 100 years.
0	they're noisy and they cost a bundle.
0	there were lots of panels and speakers.
0	nineteen people were shot by the gunman.
0	and you could just   call the roll.
0	it's not just about the presidential election.
0	you've selected something you're already fascinated by.
0	they've been to qualifying matches enough said.
0	however it's a very lengthy development process.
0	i'm delighted when i come across them.
0	we'll call you if you're the winner.
0	what'll that mean actually on the ground?
0	she thought they'd make her faith stronger.
0	or does that strike you as anomalous?
0	it was a bit horror story right?
0	macron faces far-right challenger marine le pen.
0	i'm an agnostic   about what that means.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	but there's also pushback to that too.
0	how do we get it going again?
0	so i am set for a while.
0	you never know who's going to win.
0	look look don't worry about being heard.
0	professor henry welcome to day to day.
0	tension had been building up for years.
0	and people were kind of looking around.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	so the bread crisis is a test.
0	but i   don't know if it'll sell.
0	do you try to integrate this approach?
0	the second is building the customer-service network.
0	let me start with you zena piada.
0	it's one of the greatest inventions ever.
0	but boy did it feel like it.
0	the king of morocco did the same.
0	and so everybody thought well everybody's in.
0	you know mudstone towers with courts decoration.
0	npr's jj sutherland joins us from baghdad.
0	in other words they should follow precedent.
0	is that assuring to you at all?
0	so you stick to the blander cheeses?
0	so romney is more conservative than huckabee?
0	he did admit he was a communist.
0	i am completely in agreement with that.
0	do i really want to do that?
0	he's involved in very questionable business practices.
0	yes and thanks for taking my call.
0	it has an ingredient that is banned.
0	you've been talking to white house officials.
0	i think it was a benchmark book.
0	you want the oil america asked one?
0	would things come to him that way?
0	that's at an excerpt on our website.
0	let's go to ryan in norman oklahoma.
0	married to katherine angell white your mother.
0	they are snowball effects on both sides.
0	that type of store is at risk.
0	in many cases it clearly does help.
0	are those cheerleaders saying let's go peay?
0	we're not constantly going to divorce   them.
0	albemarle north carolina that would be interesting.
0	there are times when words seem inadequate.
0	they've got at least 20,000   people there.
0	are americans ready for the electric bike?
0	tyler boudreau a retired marine corps officer.
0	maybe we didn't take him   seriously enough.
0	and are people just one question kay.
0	two money-losing orders have just come through.
0	right now i'm undecided what to do.
0	marketplace is produced by american public media.
0	the president has a new communications lineup.
0	he sued his defamers and he won.
0	it was kind of irresistible wasn't it?
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	npr's national political correspondent mara liasson reports.
0	and that is how trump defines success.
0	after all she says kids are resilient.
0	we want to keep this tradition going.
0	i mean that happens to be sold.
0	and sometimes the tweets have consequences right?
0	you know you can assimilate very easily.
0	she's been a very popular first lady.
0	mara let's talk about mrs. obama first.
0	oh over the whole issue of iraq.
0	the story is about two gay princes.
0	thank you both for joining us today.
0	a lot of stuff to carry around.
0	and it's called i wish i knew.
0	but might he have missed his moment?
0	but we're going to work something out.
0	his sitar fills the room with feeling.
0	she does odd jobs for extra cash.
0	and what they're growing mostly is khat.
0	that's perfect the way you said it.
0	they're not trying to replace that experience.
0	he joins us on the line now.
0	nobody wanted to talk on the record.
0	bruce deagan of north branford connecticut disagreed.
0	npr's larry abramson found one in tennessee.
0	i can watch videos and download music.
0	the bank did collapse but it collapsed.
0	i certainly attempted to speak with her.
0	lee thanks very much for the call.
0	hi let me turn my air-conditioning down.
0	my favorite is with the joan allen.
0	and sylvia will there be a recount?
0	albert comes in in beverly hills california.
0	he's both scrappy and smooth on television.
0	you look at the overall automotive market.
0	are we going to get fair prices?
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	putin said russia's objectives have been achieved.
0	thank you so much for having me.
0	so pick a day when you're ready.
0	mark sappenfield of the christian science monitor.
0	okay bobcat are you ready to play?
0	the last stop on london's piccadilly line.
0	president bachelet initially turned down outside help.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	it made cartoons into pointed social commentary.
0	and the movie is both those things.
0	they might be eating every other day.
0	italy has a new leader this week.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	our coverage starts with npr's scott horsley.
0	and joining us is puzzlemaster will shortz.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	how much does politics play in this?
0	work from home in your spare time.
0	troy with us from louisville in tennessee.
0	the local steel plant was hemorrhaging jobs.
0	and we know how that turned out.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	what do you think your chances are?
0	what more are you going to learn?
0	let's talk about senator dodd from connecticut.
0	another place you go to is dubai.
0	and they are in our washington studios.
0	so what exactly does this decision mean?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	we've talked about it again for decades.
0	so you're in the boat with me.
0	so this is beyond just an industry.
0	it distributes billions of dollars in grants.
0	no this is a very substantial fee.
0	he then pledged his love for iowa.
0	then comes april of 1968 in memphis.
0	and here's what he sang that day.
0	we're talking about disastrous family vacation stories.
0	so this is going to be interesting.
0	so i was like yeah i am.
0	what guidance would you give that person?
0	from member station wwno eve troeh reports.
0	this is your first piece of fiction.
0	don't you think that's just so apt?
0	and did you go to times square?
0	his daughters and pregnant wife were there.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	he did that despite his humble beginnings.
0	and obviously it's a very personal paper.
0	they've got a lot on their plate.
0	the suit requested $5 billion in damages.
0	is that what seemed to be happening?
0	you meant that literally it sounds like.
0	let's go over here to this microphone.
0	just a quick pop from you donna.
0	he wanted to make albany work better.
0	here's her story in her own words.
0	it was our pleasure to be here.
0	she called the housing authority's plan unfair.
0	i'm probably more of an issue person.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	let's see if can go over here.
0	good to talk to you too larry.
0	adam's with us from prescott in wisconsin.
0	lieutenant colonel fram thank you so much.
0	are these things related in any way?
0	well it's that time of the year.
0	it might have been popular mechanics though.
0	that's if congress decides to pass it.
0	and then we went down to dachau.
0	and then there's also an economic incentive.
0	and then you did get the diagnosis.
0	how does he figure in the book?
0	we've just got five seconds left elizabeth.
0	what happens to some of those people?
0	thanks so much for your time general.
0	shankar vedantam is npr's social science correspondent.
0	day to day will be right back.
0	it came ashore september 8 of 1900.
0	that's a very significant number of people.
0	so it was amazing to be there.
0	and he said is this a joke?
0	be afraid of what you ask for.
0	it's simply saying we are with immigrants.
0	andy's with us here in studio 3a.
0	is he trying to help netanyahu win?
0	sarah explain what the borrowers are like.
0	they're calling it the road to majority.
0	nobody gave them an opportunity to leave.
0	it became more pain than an itch.
0	but teachers say those bonuses weren't reliable.
0	so yeah this is a big deal.
0	why does facebook continue breaking its promises?
0	i don't think i've never met before.
0	this is the church for the day.
0	there may be more mysteries to come.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they will be going to public schools.
0	that was by the way this week.
0	some states already pay homeowners for retrofits.
0	even with cars this is a problem.
0	then the fat ballots jammed the scanners.
0	we're looking for questions from the audience.
0	yashere was born and raised in london.
0	to listen to the show visit   npr.
0	it's a evolved mutation of that organization.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	i have a question for mr. alexander.
0	the economy is the number one issue.
0	that's part of cern in geneva switzerland.
0	how likely though is an actual boycott?
0	i think it's a combination of things.
0	so hillary clinton finally conceded on saturday.
0	that's monday on talk of the nation.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	doctors have to complete a special training.
0	and we'll talk about why that is.
0	and those are numbers that advertisers like.
0	what are these anniversaries like for you?
0	earlier today i spoke to dennis tajer.
0	so just this one cautionary note there.
0	afterwards i was sort of bowled over.
0	kicking your can all over the place.
0	belly fat is worse than other kinds?
0	recipes from the book are at npr.
0	i said we have no other alternative.
0	for once you can't count anyone out.
0	what does that do the transistor laser?
0	stay with us 1-800-989-8255 is our number.
0	kentucky plays connecticut and georgia plays california.
0	and these opinions anthony leiserowitz are important.
0	i mean they just put some numbers.
0	but i think your analysis was right.
0	is that why it works so efficiently?
0	in an hour that could change here.
0	we own a big piece of it.
0	you're talking about live donors right now.
0	everybody wants an opportunity to be better.
0	i'd say it's about a 70-30 split.
0	post-election she pivoted exclusively to voting materials.
0	and it's the light of a lighthouse.
0	so i'm not really worried about that.
0	that doesn't sit well with beverly straube.
0	including cold temperatures and demanding physical activities.
0	you have to do the parking lot.
0	foreman's trainer joe greer was growing worried.
0	until then there's nothing we can do.
0	dr. fortier right in your ballpark here.
0	i am actually an optimist about democracy.
0	what are we seeing this time around?
0	he describes himself as austrian-school chicago supply-sider.
0	smith grows about 60 acres of tobacco.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	and above all else trust black women.
0	mary warren is here for personal reasons.
0	you know we always complain about representation.
0	jill thanks very much for the call.
0	we'll have details in our africa update.
0	but be classic and then you're unique.
0	this wasn't captured by somebody by chance.
0	we heard from him on the show.
0	but recently thain did suffer a setback.
0	i feel sorry for the muslim community.
0	she will be speaking at the conference.
0	and i think it's because they're tense.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	and retiree john lochran thinks it's great.
0	it's not good to do either one.
0	the research appears in the journal science.
0	this kind of   thing doesn't happen overnight.
0	this of course won't make it easier.
0	is it   too soon for their celebration?
0	our reviewer alan cheuse says it crackles.
0	cultivation for me is starting to walk.
0	susanne thanks so much for joining us.
0	recall that laura   bush saidtold reporters recently.
0	been there done that for 20 years.
0	and i'm still in the same boat.
0	or they see it as social pathology.
0	right and your outlook on life certainly.
0	because he is still in the job.
0	children from age 10 may be self-employed.
0	four of her children died as toddlers.
0	this was not an act of nature.
0	think of a word associated with halloween.
0	and we felt humiliated in a way.
0	do you feel it was worth it?
0	people should've known seeing what they were.
0	let's talk about a few of them.
0	its focus is local traceable and sustainable.
0	i don't know the name of it.
0	we walked on the street for example.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the word progress is a tricky one.
0	but chicago's top cop isn't buying it.
0	well that didn't really help barack's cause.
0	i mean i also spoke with analysts.
0	i feel lucky because i'm alive still.
0	got the beatles playing in the background.
0	their motive is i think quite clear.
0	well that's sitting down in living rooms.
0	that's up from 1.8 billion in 2013.
0	they anticipated a 90-day fight to baghdad.
0	he's going to set up more bombs.
0	we never probed that and that's unfortunate.
0	what   does it look like this year?
0	now i have one concernwell two concerns.
0	and boy just an approximation of it.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	thank you so much for calling sandy.
0	and this is the entry level now.
0	and he studies movement basically using math.
0	ronald blocker orange county public school superintendent.
0	it stimulates nerve endings inside the body.
0	drug-related gang-related the whole kit and caboodle.
0	you've written unions are in a crisis.
0	thank you very much for coming tonight.
0	we've got many more steps to go.
0	so were you comfortable with his explanation?
0	and bezos has subsequently announced he's divorcing.
0	some people consider gm on life support.
0	he wasn't somebody who got into trouble.
0	he's in a position to do that.
0	vitamin c is good for the body.
0	it's common to use opioids during childbirth.
0	they want to you mentioned eric dolphy.
0	and that's all i'll say on that.
0	it's not like just having this orgy.
0	arab states watching this with grave concern.
0	thanks so much for taking my call.
0	they cannot do by their own selves.
0	he saw things as a photographer sees.
0	anne can you do this in school?
0	all things considered continues in a moment.
0	rick segert is in the jobs bank.
0	tiffany calling from castle rock in colorado.
0	nike sneakers heineken beer and verizon phones.
0	i think it's definitely a steady climb.
0	give us some cookbook recipe on that.
0	and people want it to be resolved.
0	but i was a little tough kid.
0	it's making dvds right at the moment.
0	that's all lies per antony and cleopatra.
0	he said oh i'm in real estate.
0	and that is the art of selling.
0	so i have this pitch for you.
0	well i believe it could be stopped.
0	my children were taking care of me.
0	and rene has children and a husband.
0	let me bring the girls back in.
0	the governor estimates close to $150 billion.
0	pat thanks very much for the call.
0	let's get listeners involved in the conversation.
0	in 1990 de klerk did just that.
0	what have you done for me lately?
0	and let's talk about alan greenspan's legacy.
0	why didn't we have wall-to-wall 24-hour   coverage?
0	we don't want to run the country.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	david magana is a spokesman for dfw.
0	it's a 132 room hotel boutique hotel.
0	crazy writers crazy directors i can handle.
0	i just can't work on yom kippur.
0	in general i would say it does.
0	in 1992 the letter sold for $300,000.
0	sometimes economics are turned on their head.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and once that happens it's all over.
0	the american federation of labor opposed it.
0	from the start saddam hussein was testy.
0	for example even if hospitals excuse me.
0	a great man died two days ago.
0	i mean has anyone read this thing?
0	i think lance is the prohibitive favorite.
0	they've got their foot on the gas.
0	no i don't feel like a thief.
0	i don't see skunks that much but.
0	they've been looking for him ever since.
0	i'm not going to get into that.
0	tv viewers could end up losers here.
0	i just have to say one thing.
0	it won't make the narcos rich anymore.
0	our colleague martin kaste covers law enforcement.
0	randy's with us from charlotte north carolina.
0	they say they've never been more organized.
0	that's spanish for view of the beach.
0	and when the police came what happened?
0	stanley sends offenders to do community service.
0	that is   certainly he will unite conservatives.
0	now for another kind of currency: coupons.
0	i always get free toothpaste using coupons.
0	so in whispers i answered the phone.
0	hi neal i have a trivia question.
0	she's not just a game show lady.
0	mara good to talk to you again.
0	he did announce his transition team yesterday.
0	but we're young in a peculiar way.
0	and you said you wouldn't tell anybody.
0	we have just about a minute left.
0	what category do you put him in?
0	but the lessons were kind of difficult.
0	i need a 12-step program for organization.
0	she considers then shelves the dish detergent.
0	i printed that off for my dad.
0	and none of us were white supremists.
0	it sold for incredible prices at auctions.
0	what about a temporary guest worker program?
0	so where would you keep your money?
0	mara liasson npr news the white house.
0	it's very cold and dark and quiet.
0	the next day in a church service.
0	no was all i could say no.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and at tea she serves these brownies.
0	i think we will never defeat uncertainty.
0	and i love to play it live.
0	and you will reduce health-care costs dramatically.
0	our study really says nothing about   that.
0	that was toledo ohio mayor carty finkbeiner.
0	but here's what romney has been doing.
0	one analysis predicts 40,000 people face starvation.
0	there's a certain irony in this case.
0	that story was produced by youth radio.
0	and how would such a program work?
0	i'm not the one stuck in here.
0	people have really made up their minds.
0	we'll tell you where in a moment.
0	so i had both my breasts removed.
0	tell me about einstein and the compass.
0	any idea who carried out this attack?
0	this is a show of organizational muscle.
0	here's democrat john wisniewski announcing the subpoenas.
0	and it all comes down to resources.
0	i want to move on to monday.
0	dariush mozaffarian is a cardiologist by training.
0	only the ones i have on tape.
0	does it seem to be getting worse?
0	abu qatada is a radical islamic cleric.
0	he's with us here in studio 3a.
0	i write things down all the time.
0	and you made it look just effortless.
0	but again getting out there is impossible.
0	were you someone who cooled hot tempers?
0	they feel it's an embarrassing sensitive topic.
0	yes but don't worry about your spelling.
0	and i saw what happening around me.
0	you have to space your water out.
0	there were many iowan units in that.
0	and where do you see this going?
0	oh thank you and thank her yes.
0	i mean you pretty much nailed it.
0	and they've said guns stand for freedom.
0	their only power is a small generator.
0	has this conflict changed your views michael?
0	gary thanks very much for the call.
0	you're the director of stop prisoner rape.
0	and i say well i don't know.
0	another challenge here is the language gap.
0	well first of all we should clarify.
0	it wasn't just that soldiers were kidnapped.
0	hi neal thanks for taking the call.
0	they're showing the power of their prayer.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and so that's been an ongoing concern.
0	i love pasta even though that's sugar.
0	well yes i believe that they are.
0	and but let me just say this.
0	they were hot the barracks were horrible.
0	and both groups were taking pain medication.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	hi thank you for taking my call.
0	mayor steve skadron has a new focus.
0	i had a quick story for you.
0	and i do think they're completely romantic.
0	i was in iraq twice afghanistan once.
0	she's held this position for 170 days.
0	to listen to the show visit npr.
0	who's the musician and what's the nickname?
0	that's the reverend fred lane from 1983.
0	that's what several recent studies have shown.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	one thing you'd do to reform education.
0	that's just the nature of the beast.
0	rosalie thomas even   works with brett's dad.
0	i'm not going to lie to you.
0	to my friends i was so lucky.
0	u street was such a classy neighborhood.
0	npr's david greene traveling with president bush.
0	and it's not just here in oregon.
0	it's up on our website at sciencefriday.
0	i'm beginning to hear somewhat of it.
0	and is this a true tipping point?
0	i know you weren't around for that.
0	instead he's thrown his support to hassan.
0	so good to talk to you again.
0	this is a small city called santander.
0	whatever reasons did you do that for?
0	i just well she's just getting older.
0	i think there's a feeling that's different.
0	that tells you the truth doesn't it?
0	and this e-mail from catherine in utah.
0	i have a question for mr. brier.
0	flights were more than 80 percent full.
0	john what is the situation right now?
0	what what what what they said whaaaaat?
0	these flames are so close to people.
0	so the larger much wealthier nation won.
0	it's good to have you with us.
0	she's been monitoring the story from beirut.
0	professor glaeser joins us in our studios.
0	it was the first of several moves.
0	and that's the way things will shift.
0	that's of course jay z's new album.
0	they had overweight diabetes hypertension the works.
0	lulu garcia-navarro npr news rio de janeiro.
0	each has a difference view about it.
0	but i knew him over the years.
0	can i ask how old you are?
0	we're looking for a direction i'm thinking.
0	and john joins us from san diego.
0	and he joins us from torreon mexico.
0	the sand here is fine white quartz.
0	and in fact there was widespread desertion.
0	two landed in the hotel construction site.
0	how long were you in the hospital?
0	there are professionals around who are specialists.
0	so that was it was worth it.
0	ed thanks very much for the call.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i have yet to receive these funds.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	the sanctuary swelled to almost 900 people.
0	hopefully the girls can wave at him.
0	the others are blueberries and concord grapes.
0	i think we have to expect that.
0	drug maker pfizer alone spent $5.5 million.
0	and the convoy just keeps going on.
0	some people think its kind of ghoulish.
0	it's quite confusing but that's what happens.
0	now the population has soared above 4,000.
0	oh roger ailes is a colossal figure.
0	but first religion and polygamy in america.
0	so it's sort of a soft landing.
0	but there's also a natural cycle here.
0	and it's also possible that jets stink.
0	we're going back to the caribbean now.
0	and he says well here he is.
0	does this taint it if it's true?
0	so that's a big part of it.
0	and people were just entranced about it.
0	that's going to be off the chart.
0	it's not monolithic as many people think.
0	it's the illusion of working you know.
0	you have to have your i.d. checked.
0	and robert you've been talking to people.
0	oh yes come the end yes yes.
0	it's where charles dickens spent his summers.
0	i know humans who can't do that.
0	there was no nothing of that sort.
0	so stefan big splash at the outset.
0	but it was a pretty fragile recovery.
0	indeed woods would rather have scott's season.
0	i am just as soldier for africa.
0	we asked weinblatt about his merck stock.
0	what he saw stuck in his head.
0	it now stands at nine and-a-half percent.
0	this has to be a long-term thing.
0	they're getting it from the pentagon budget.
0	no it wasn't easy to get one.
0	not really and i think that's important.
0	but first civil rights pioneer john lewis.
0	this is a left click right click.
0	he's the author of many many books.
0	which given the circumstances is pretty difficult.
0	they're coming from the horn of africa.
0	rarely has a synod attracted such attention.
0	and he is on the line now.
0	let me talk to you about this.
0	and she doesn't really have anyone around.
0	we're talking about the game of football.
0	we'llbut you were just talking about this.
0	even tylenol is made in puerto rico.
0	if you'd like to join us: 800-989-8255.
0	it wasn't a shocking expose of corruption.
0	well there's several   issues that come up.
0	so that slowed down the recovery also.
0	lela you want an alpaca don't you?
0	they come up with very different results.
0	edwards who brought along his two-and-a-half-year-old grandson.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	nina munk writes for vanity fair magazine.
0	it is an embarrassment and it's frustrating.
0	and the protestors what are they saying?
0	why is myspace getting so much scrutiny?
0	looks like it's going to this time.
0	the last baby baptized in st. paul's.
0	republican side ted cruz won in wisconsin.
0	but it really does ignore their priorities.
0	how do history books commemorate these people?
0	one is skylar just about age 8.
0	you know it definitely seems that way.
0	we never have to worry about this.
0	harriet hall is a retired family doctor.
0	be careful what you ask for huh?
0	getting adequate health care is equally challenging.
0	so now our heads are really spinning.
0	or is it to do something else?
0	well he could extend the grand jury.
0	dan thanks very much for the call.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	house republican leader john boehner this morning.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	his name is gen. abdel fattah el-sissi.
0	he's   got a few questions in here.
0	want to take that on scott jaschik?
0	for some clinics that required expensive remodeling.
0	how do you regard what you do?
0	but i do believe it's   getting better.
0	my pleasure neal enjoyed talking to you.
0	we were also joined by andra gillespie.
0	the elections will take place in december.
0	it's not the loudest voice that prevails.
0	lisa durden is managing all of this.
0	i remember i wanted to change up.
0	that happens in a lot of places.
0	some sort of kind of like it.
0	there's ferment and frustration in iran today.
0	but and you can't just stop them.
0	and sure enough that's exactly what happened.
0	thanks very much for talking with us.
0	yeah young but i never fought professional.
0	you've got ducks kids right at us.
0	some try to make the trip again.
0	she joined us to talk about it.
0	well it's a pleasure talking to you.
0	and so sherman politely answered that question.
0	yes and i think that's particularly disquieting.
0	let's talk about that external fuel tank.
0	and he finished in the sixth place.
0	he has two things over the republicans.
0	i was wrong earlier in the program.
0	and the impatience of that are what?
0	the next presidential election isn't until 2024.
0	first npr's jamie tarabay reports from baghdad.
0	and he was a chief fundraising officer.
0	i mean i don't want that look.
0	is that what you're getting at rodney?
0	obscure but funny even after 40 years.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	tam that's a lot of lobbying power.
0	so   she's fortunate and so are we.
0	from member station wnyc janet babin reports.
0	it's never been seen as more authoritative.
0	the washington post says a satisfying thriller.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but there will be a lot of.
0	npr's jason beaubien joins us from minneapolis.
0	she looks like she has an   attitude.
0	so no one wanted to hire him.
0	the story of world war i sabotage.
0	so the impact of course is diminishing.
0	julie mccarthy npr news rio de janiero.
0	we're joined now by   npr's larry abramson.
0	but there is too much cruelty now.
0	are you going to be going back?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so he has an obligation to comply.
0	it's been known for quite some time.
0	and then within minutes they   were gone.
0	that's another one of skip gates' programs.
0	after 40 skeletal muscle tends to decline.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	we have to take this under consideration.
0	that's when surely cooking must have begun.
0	it's a   routine she has down pat.
0	and i go down to one end.
0	ultimately the bush white house backed off.
0	and patrick malone in fort collins colorado.
0	see that woman over there that photo?
0	it's almost like you're finding each other.
0	president bush will be in minneapolis today.
0	and then you do the big ta-da.
0	npr's juan forero is in ramos's hometown.
0	again they were in very poor condition.
0	mike thanks very much for the call.
0	from wbhm in birmingham andrew yeager reports.
0	the guys used to wear some colors.
0	it's an hour south of las vegas.
0	ok will what's up for next week?
0	well they were having physical fitness-type tests.
0	sam thanks very much for the call.
0	now what is your relationship with myspace.
0	it has a fantastic beat to it.
0	he doesn't even feel it going in.
0	is that the policy of this administration?
0	and i wonder how come that happened?
0	i give dna my son gives dna.
0	one evening i was alone with her.
0	the french are very proud of french.
0	the tribal territory isn't one big swath.
0	in many streets it already has disappeared.
0	you know i was against the war.
0	let's back up just for a second.
0	do you think that there's a connection?
0	one is the politics of it all.
0	there were a lot of funerals yesterday.
0	you can find his blog at jamesfallows.
0	there's nothing illegal about a cash business.
0	right multiply that by you know thousands.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	it's also changing the size of families.
0	we'll talk to you again on monday.
0	do you oppose transgender rights or simply.
0	i'm just curious what the distinction is.
0	it's simply more of the phenomenon itself.
0	then there are the dig data skeptics.
0	it's like it does nothing but good.
0	that's the u.s. channel that targets cuba.
0	she is seeking $16 million in damages.
0	more americans finished college than ever before.
0	everybody does agree in theory i suppose.
0	i'm not saying that this is right.
0	thank you for inviting me in michel.
0	we're going through a process of grief.
0	well i think there's truth to that.
0	sanden thanks so much for joining us.
0	this is a chance to operate now.
0	they were designed to promote good governance.
0	union head cecil roberts says that's ridiculous.
0	that's kind of like dallas and houston.
0	history has a long reach to it.
0	so they only have a few weeks.
0	and don't forget to visit our blog.
0	personally i believe it could be better.
0	this was a grocery store barber shop.
0	clouds can roll in at any moment.
0	and he's been very outspoken about that.
0	visitors to the museum echo his sentiments.
0	andrew let's talk about the nanotubes themselves.
0	welcome back to the program dr. maynard.
0	because we have nanoparticles around us everywhere.
0	stay away stay away from there yeah.
0	dasent says he turned and walked away.
0	politically that seems to be a nonstarter.
0	and that pressure is breaking up families.
0	what are america's strategic interests in afghanistan?
0	this is a word-of-mouth kind of job.
0	he joins us from kpcc in pasadena.
0	he's a senior vice president at verizon.
0	in my hometown of huntington beach calif.
0	he is very very good about detail.
0	you're not seeing it in other industries.
0	she likens the conflict to a war.
0	that's npr's julie mccarthy in new delhi.
0	so there are improvements on every front.
0	and i think he's right about that.
0	and so we're going to follow through.
0	dan toshach stopped at a honda dealership.
0	who would like to ask a question?
0	when you can't hit the high notes.
0	well you've given a couple of examples.
0	we now own the town of amboy.
0	we'll hear why when our program continues.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	so what are the alternative scenarios here?
0	but josh visit josh came to arkansas.
0	we're going to canoe down river boulevard.
0	that kind of shocking discovery is rare.
0	and then he's got a long recovery.
0	he's got a question from shasta california.
0	that it releases it in the wind.
0	how are recipients heart transplant recipients chosen?
0	we don't have a lot of details.
0	antelopes can run 60 miles an hour.
0	there were there a couple of hispanics.
0	teske has deep roots in this community.
0	norman williams drove in from lexington ky.
0	actually it was almost a childlike happening.
0	and he could be in some trouble.
0	this map doesn't feature the brain's anatomy.
0	well we're providing less and less protection.
0	and they all have their own budgets.
0	the war suddenly doesn't become more palatable.
0	oh i don't think there's any question.
0	why i'll go ahead and fix it.
0	there's no good answer to that question.
0	they do want that washer and drier.
0	they teach what they consider the truth.
0	he guesses which celebrities they look like.
0	dean carter thanks so much appreciate it.
0	you see individual cities go into bankruptcy.
0	i mean did anybody know about it?
0	it feels like i'm at a funeral.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	my team we've never had an injury.
0	well-known businessman alfredo quintas was a member.
0	other pollutants sulfur have worked very well.
0	wayne welcome to talk of the nation.
0	you don't feel any responsibility for that?
0	mm-mm we're not going to do that.
0	if you want the best chicken chick-fil-a.
0	it's dragging the games longer and longer.
0	democratic governments like to listen to people.
0	i think it will   be mainly khamenei.
0	what's changed in the last 10 months?
0	from wcpn in cleveland mhari saito explains.
0	this email from anne in huntertown indiana.
0	eighty-five percent say that's a top priority.
0	and they make up a long list.
0	the miner's leader was named bill blizzard.
0	it'll all be there on the sciencefriday.
0	kenny king's grandfather fought on blair mountain.
0	yes well that's a very fair summary.
0	i might say in spanish necessito consegeed.
0	and you can also   ipod science friday.
0	he's covering the world cup in russia.
0	you're a great you're a great guy.
0	so electability a word we might remember.
0	gunmen of many factions roam the streets.
0	have you lost your sense of humor?
0	cheating was a popular topic last week.
0	it's super terrible and boring and hateful.
0	it's a military-style blockade of the road.
0	had the beastie boys actually grown up?
0	hansi lo wang npr news new york.
0	i don't know at least eight years.
0	i'm looking for a more generic term.
0	that's npr's ina jaffe who covers aging.
0	she sort of summed things up yesterday.
0	i'll be voting for continuity you know?
0	green said she hadn't heard about that.
0	christmas and easter would stay put however.
0	not all gang members are killing people.
0	npr's michael sullivan reporting from bangkok thailand.
0	let me say there's about let me.
0	his attention to detail knew no bounds.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	it's 10 percent lower than last year.
0	the northwest news network's anna king reports.
0	i don't know about to new jersey.
0	he's worked on every dsm since 1975.
0	you're joining us from whyy in philadelphia.
0	coming up the fading language of aramaic.
0	so the public looks at what's happening.
0	being an engineer   it's my favorite kind.
0	they are going to check on it.
0	i've got a live one this year.
0	it's from alan meyer in newberg oregon.
0	but she said she had a blast.
0	the streets empty out completely at night.
0	and i would say maybe two takes.
0	they donated millions of gallons of water.
0	ok 2.8 percent for the united states.
0	don't tell us what to do washington.
0	people are engaged politically in this moment.
0	you're talking about 150 miles or so.
0	my avocation and vocation are the same.
0	our delegation was not a democratic delegation.
0	who have been in for how long?
0	it's just a blend of equal parts.
0	well you know yeah she doesn't testify.
0	which is what hollywood is all about.
0	we are actually obligated to do that.
0	the rape charges were dropped in december.
0	i mean we're just we're worn out.
0	we were very interested in her case.
0	and thank god he kept that alive.
0	more of your calls in a minute.
0	these things are repeated repeating very much.
0	so dave you get your itchy question.
0	and let us not forget about texas.
0	kevin welcome to talk of the nation.
0	allison   thanks very much for the call.
0	and no negative consequences for different-sex   couples.
0	we want to hear about your experiences.
0	this looks like chicago he told them.
0	are you interested in who celebrities endorse?
0	it went through a formal debating process.
0	what do people do in the shower?
0	what's the reaction there at the un?
0	the bottom line is the bottom line.
0	so they don't necessarily want a price.
0	from npr news this is science friday.
0	just as long as somebody felt bad.
0	she's the epitome of speed under sails.
0	why can't we prepare for this better?
0	and that song just came to mind.
0	and i wanted to express those sides.
0	mm-hmm just like i like my coffee.
0	and i don't think it has happened.
0	well we actuallyi actually made that computation.
0	and the outline it's very strictly enforced.
0	well i think i wouldn't discourage anyone.
0	and i'm going to search their car.
0	they're still not perfect in your reporting.
0	aside from the unspeakable word of draft.
0	so that's what i've prepared to discuss.
0	that's tomorrow on talk of the nation.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	the next three will change as well.
0	geoffrey tells me he's returned to school.
0	it got tested in several thousand people.
0	the forecasters were right to be concerned.
0	are there any women doing interesting stuff?
0	is that what you asked i'm sorry?
0	there is no anger in your music.
0	there are also these co-morbidities with adhd.
0	he joined us from our npr studios.
0	it's a very difficult fragile volatile situation.
0	i was promoted from captain to major.
0	sebelius will not have those dual roles.
0	i want to make that very clear.
0	it's a cornerstone idea of the field.
0	tell us what you think about it.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	no we just did it for fun.
0	so we feel like we are lost.
0	do you think that jena has improved?
0	and torrential rain but then it stops.
0	he had received threats over the years.
0	i'll give you a very concrete example.
0	super bowl xl is in the books.
0	cardinals and bishops can't control each other.
0	thank you for being with us today.
0	yeah it was exciting i'll tell you.
0	i was over in iraq last year.
0	i was even offered a buttock lift.
0	where will i run with my children?
0	gail thank you very much for that.
0	if any anything it's being priced out.
0	flint mayor karen weaver is also frustrated.
0	if they're renters they want to own.
0	let me ask about the russian position.
0	well you go and hit it again.
0	there are 11 republicans competing in iowa.
0	hurricane katrina brought disaster to our shores.
0	he's with the movement of dam-affected people.
0	no. no i haven't received any threats.
0	she wasn't really thinking about getting married.
0	we don't have anywhere to go to.
0	there are some votes he may lose.
0	and is it just peculiar to florida?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and her captors are now in jail.
0	she's a republican from junction city kansas.
0	and that's where the mangroves come in.
0	welcome to nick welcome to science friday.
0	but generally block says he's winding down.
0	if you're going we can do this.
0	is this the same kind of thing?
0	iranians don't need visas to come here.
0	is that pretty common for jazz musicians?
0	that's skylar olsen senior economist with zillow.
0	i mean that was the key thing.
0	the question is can they do that?
0	should states grant parole to aging inmates?
0	i think it's sort of gotcha journalism.
0	brian mcnamee is he a credible witness?
0	how are men reacting to this shift?
0	this cover came about sort of sideways.
0	what was she trying to do then?
0	do you have a question for will?
0	and think of a synonym for rearing.
0	i had people threatening to hurt me.
0	her lyrics are assertive unafraid free associating.
0	donors give in amounts up to $70,000.
0	who doesn't appreciate a nice care package?
0	needing to improve that's all of us.
0	as with girls researchers don't know why.
0	hummus rights yes very important in lebanon.
0	that's where the surf used to be.
0	all right mc lyte thanks so much.
0	act two sex and sex and sex.
0	is that how you pronounce it erdenheim?
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	first it started with lauren and ruthie.
0	but will we talk to be friends?
0	i was 13 and he was 15.
0	the loss is profound says gerard russell.
0	what's the significance of this american moment?
0	and these are all factors as well.
0	u.s. has helped afghanistan build that foundation.
0	donald driver was a big topic right?
0	it was fun but it was bittersweet.
0	chances are you have done this yourself.
0	and there was another big development yesterday.
0	well the moment you land you're amazed.
0	oh our first kiss was in paris.
0	space shuttle atlantis was our first mission.
0	and i decided to take the gamble.
0	and he's like pull over pull over.
0	it the languages of the real world.
0	it didn't stand up very well sadly.
0	and welcome to talk of the nation.
0	are they going to have a place?
0	i look forward to meeting you too.
0	it generates worse things for the society.
0	everything was something that i could understand.
0	so it's the same kind of thing.
0	it was a great moment of pride.
0	it won't run on tv anytime soon.
0	her imagination fueled her life and travels.
0	fanning told reporters i just saw fins.
0	i think bill has already left us.
0	i'd even float in a green moat.
0	everything around you stopped and nothing moved?
0	i always spoke with my eyes dammit.
0	i used to listen to your show.
0	there were more anglo families this year.
0	lindis thanks very much for the call.
0	so if you're listening don't give up.
0	and here i am today you know.
0	i heard stories as a child yes.
0	manny welcome to talk of the nation.
0	you know we're getting threats of that.
0	president obama praised her in a statement.
0	and i thought that i'd killed it.
0	scientists have debated this question for years.
0	thank you linda it's been a pleasure.
0	that will involve more paperwork and regulations.
0	scott horsley npr news st. paul minnesota.
0	former vermont governor howard dean he spoke.
0	so i asked bruce raffe about this.
0	i want a subscription to that newsletter.
0	our colleague madeleine brand would appreciate this.
0	and that path would lead to sanctions.
0	there was absolutely no sympathy for hezbollah.
0	i don't see these people as insane.
0	thanks very much for the call jane.
0	marcus garvey must have liked that part.
0	jane with us from charlottesville in virginia.
0	and you know that really bothered me.
0	so what makes this show so enduring?
0	act three church of latter day snakes.
0	well it hasn't been going too well.
0	so eventually yes there will be enough.
0	duki would give her painful nose squeaks.
0	but to rashad robinson it is different.
0	he'll be contributing video blogs or vlogs.
0	but zilmer says he is not discouraged.
0	they say good fences make good neighbors.
0	well not yet probably not right now.
0	but beyond that we really don't know.
0	we just have a few seconds left.
0	they just jumble fragments of dna instead.
0	these are higher than the recommended doses.
0	it's the exhaustion that gets to me.
0	how strong is the evidence of fraud?
0	i have a question about pacific hurricanes.
0	i'm looking at this yard right here.
0	any big headliner names there this year?
0	yeah they're also reflected in anthony's typology.
0	why should you be allowed to stay?
0	i'm the product of an interracial marriage.
0	she hasn't been able to find work.
0	john thanks very much for the call.
0	my father was an executive at gm.
0	yeah pretty much if it sounds natural.
0	there are more jobs fewer unemployment claims.
0	it's a pleasure to talk to you.
0	carl walz are you still with us?
0	that in itself is not enough reason?
0	they've been very frustrated with this process.
0	you know july 4 is next week.
0	steve thanks very much for the call.
0	that's not equally happening on both sides.
0	that would surely antagonize russia even more.
0	ellen on the line from kansas city.
0	i don't think anybody wants a war.
0	bolivia's evo morales was meeting with ahmadinejad.
0	this all began around 830 this morning.
0	and that is actually a dieting strategy.
0	and it makes me feel really betrayed.
0	tell us a bit about your column.
0	that's why we have an   independent congress.
0	oh i hope that jobs come back.
0	those people are there to protect him.
0	what do you make of that word?
0	well in some cases gliomas are operable.
0	let's move to another off-the-field baseball story.
0	refused to sell me the video date.
0	like an 813.02 for a broken forearm.
0	meanwhile gun control groups spent just $55,000.
0	every prostitute's supposed to have a pimp.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	the gay rights movement has tremendous momentum.
0	and thanks very much for coming in.
0	another rally is planned for may day.
0	has she been implicated in this scandal?
0	some county employees in san bernardino calif.
0	and they talk to our school board.
0	historically there wasn't any sense of that.
0	so that's the state of his race.
0	you know that's all he's ever been.
0	believe me you don't want to know.
0	it is a remarkably effective social experiment.
0	that moment was so precious to them.
0	but that's part of being an author.
0	he hasn't debated very much in texas.
0	this is why pimps dress like pimps.
0	and so how do we personalize it?
0	that's a widely held belief among evangelicals.
0	ty are you going to ride it?
0	i mean people just don't know it.
0	his family is amused by his vigilance.
0	and that's going to involve capping emissions.
0	and what kind of tumor is it?
0	how long are you going to stay?
0	and you didn't even know this person.
0	like i don't know like dirt poor.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	well because the british i'm guessing here.
0	i had to cut my workers back.
0	a cheery mike baldwin answers the door.
0	phil we have to let you go.
0	fare-free systems could definitely encourage more ridership.
0	he says detroiters have become too defensive.
0	does that not   present a difficult problem?
0	he wasn't wearing a mask or anything.
0	or did he get a bench trial?
0	they need people to take the plea.
0	he was interested in landscape that extended.
0	and is this necessarily a bad thing?
0	they like the way their subway smells.
0	but like that's what they were saying.
0	and they have this very regal bearing.
0	it is not just the female correspondents.
0	we have all these in russia now.
0	you are so far off the map.
0	michael ward says that was a no-brainer.
0	thanks very much for the call andrew.
0	so he got some experience with citigroup.
0	brian shiro is a distinctly terrestrial sort.
0	i'm deborah amos in for renee montagne.
0	senator pryor thanks for being with us.
0	by the way let me say this.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	well there are three or four areas.
0	may i give her a lucky dollar?
0	the super bowl gets the most viewers.
0	he had no weapons though you know?
0	and i'm going to start with you.
0	most people don't want what they want.
0	this isn't a referendum on obama anymore.
0	so it hasn't been a spectacular success.
0	so where does this go from here?
0	wait let me guess let me guess.
0	so the prince's family started hot chicken.
0	it doesn't seem to work very well.
0	robert thanks very much for the call.
0	susan phillips of member station whyy reports.
0	it's actually telling three complex intertwining stories.
0	thanks so much to both of you.
0	and in my case it included mine.
0	it's like we married the other day.
0	but that women often don't run again.
0	but life in fairmead hasn't been easy.
0	what are the lessons learned from columbine?
0	hugh's calling us from oakland in california.
0	safwan shah is the founder of payactiv.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	and authorities saw it and apparently panicked.
0	and they wanted to see him again.
0	he feels he has to drive everywhere.
0	for national public radio i'm joanne faryon.
0	and a football note of our own.
0	yes it really really frustrated the victims.
0	more than 150,000 bodies have been buried.
0	it's so much needed at this time.
0	i look for the good you know.
0	it has a nice color and texture.
0	what would be the point of that?
0	and he comes back to the hotel.
0	and he seems to be very sincere.
0	journalist felix denk is von thuelen's co-author.
0	this is where he added the refrain.
0	elaina with us from ypsilanti in michigan.
0	and we will die for that ideology.
0	they are taught how to write checks.
0	she said i was respecting international law.
0	long ball   hitters strike out sometimes too.
0	it's a story of longevity most definitely.
0	canning gardening spending time with your neighbors.
0	i would refer you to the bible.
0	and you're saying you didn't see that.
0	one in san diego is called kickstart.
0	sloppy at best frequently inaccurate or erroneous.
0	there's sensitivity to a lot of stimulation.
0	i don't know what you do next.
0	thanks i've really been enjoying the program.
0	right tapped the water and what happened?
0	and so i started having trouble praying.
0	i'd have to start all over again.
0	i think he's in denial about it.
0	the experts i spoke to pointed dairy.
0	this is what we all agreed to.
0	may i ask you a question neal?
0	they're responsible to that rank and file.
0	here's another story we're following this morning.
0	well thanks for talking with us today.
0	can you bring it inside the house?
0	he needed it to study for science.
0	yeah maybe the gatorade will work miracles.
0	the almighty has a vein of humor.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	there's the infant jesus in swaddling clothes.
0	human bones and trash litter the ground.
0	well let's talk more about the size.
0	which turns out to be surprisingly effective.
0	liu's research at microsoft involves web searches.
0	they want 25 billion dollars for that.
0	i don't know because i had fish.
0	so we're talking about two different cases.
0	and so that's what the parties did.
0	i do not mean to be insulting.
0	and why are they not moving things?
0	first of all i'm in my seventies.
0	you know it's a chronic life-long disorder.
0	but that requires a very tough stomach.
0	they're at the core of the negotiations.
0	we're not big on soups there really.
0	and all of a sudden it's gone.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and that's fundamentally unfair in my opinion.
0	but i've yet to try i guess.
0	chuck quirmbach of wisconsin public radio reports.
0	after that chaotic beginning the fireworks began.
0	daniel yergin is a leading energy scholar.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	now to politics and the presidential race.
0	and it's you know a catered dinner.
0	he was sentenced to death for impiety.
0	you know it's like thank you whoo.
0	and indeed those threats have already materialized.
0	it's a lovely sort of fancy evening.
0	well rehema mara thank you so much.
0	i'm trying to catch my english class.
0	so unemployment grows but it grows modestly.
0	all 12 games ended in a draw.
0	i looked got caught got smiled at.
0	this is the summer of michael phelps.
0	so we start up the truck again.
0	you've got the flip-flops in the bag.
0	you know she's just not really human.
0	we've got about a minute or so.
0	well i just knew it didn't happen.
0	francis has also shown humor and informality.
0	and so routes are over eastern ukraine.
0	the vatican didn't defrock kiesle until 1987.
0	it doesn't even linger as a memory.
0	the awards ceremony was not a success.
0	you didn't even want to go back.
0	that must've been such a momentous day.
0	more day to day in a moment.
0	and that's true to a great extent.
0	anita can you explain what that means?
0	the original pcs were not networked together.
0	mike please it's clay there in france.
0	well you know you're in new orleans.
0	and let's turn now to ben philpott.
0	but they're okay with you doing it?
0	just go to our web page npr.
0	what milestone marked your transition to manhood?
0	he didn't know what a cell was.
0	she died yesterday after battling esophageal cancer.
0	we're reaching the end of the segment.
0	it's not just about tariffs and money.
0	so you'll see a rise in homelessness.
0	it's all up to his ownit's him.
0	what do we know about this one?
0	it may actually be john quin-zy adams.
0	republicans were a little bit more measured.
0	worst possible scenario i'm an armed teacher.
0	npr's ina jaffe covers aging for npr.
0	they're hunting with the speed of zombies.
0	after we finished i downloaded the demo.
0	deborah amos reports from the west bank.
0	paul thanks very much and good luck.
0	gazzaley is designing similar experiments using music.
0	that's one thing that keeps us going.
0	let's go next to this is angelo.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	north country public radio's brian mann reports.
0	and we reached him in racine wis.
0	that's where radwan jarrouj landed in 1962.
0	but the second drug is a paralytic.
0	he joined us from his office there.
0	mr. costolo is the ceo of twitter.
0	it sounds like there's some drumming happening.
0	do you think there's a double standard?
0	the dramatic events though are in 1776.
0	you have to have these different images.
0	but we don't really think of ourselves.
0	is that preserved at all the color?
0	they put the wrong head on it.
0	she quit and she said forget this.
0	what are you fixing a parking ticket?
0	but silence is no longer an option.
0	are there any i'm sorry go ahead.
0	people want to come home you know.
0	the extremists circulated videos of the attack.
0	and let's talk a bit about turbulence.
0	and let's get joey on the line.
0	my toys have just gotten more expensive.
0	it just was not a fair process.
0	that's when the declaration passed the congress.
0	and all of this was kept secret.
0	want to take a look at it?
0	at its peak it was 1,200 people.
0	at least some of them definitely do.
0	so where is the republican party now?
0	and you know i wouldn't say fear.
0	apparently this is the universal baby habit.
0	miss beazley   has taken washington by storm.
0	and that's something that can be discussed.
0	and that's something they've tried to avoid.
0	i'm surprised i can see him there.
0	that again from jeffrey kluger of time.
0	oh you know i was right there.
0	i can imagine suddenly you're very popular.
0	but oftentimes those are the skimpiest outfits.
0	i have a question for mr. mccullough.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	their stories unfold to a remarkable soundtrack.
0	and such lovely sound there he is.
0	if you are right there just run.
0	is there enough aid getting to people?
0	did the pentagon papers change your life?
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	let's go down to the bucking bronco.
0	who is the arbitrator in this case?
0	well i'm glad you asked that question.
0	you have that violin and constant motion.
0	well it depends on who you are.
0	she joins us from the capitol building.
0	that's a little bit more our character.
0	the second amendment makes a difference there.
0	you got to forget what just happened.
0	and i don't mean that at all.
0	these symptoms are what we call non-specific.
0	but paying for therapy is another matter.
0	he's here at the aspen ideas festival.
0	he writes for the wall street journal.
0	or did they ever stop being outraged?
0	that might've done more damage than good.
0	uber raises prices at high demand times.
0	we're calling radio talk shows like you.
0	people eat rice all over the world.
0	i tend to get seasick he says.
0	i mean this is like the worst?
0	he writes for the wall street journal.
0	we've got some folks who have questions.
0	and we talked about the tough neighborhood.
0	i don't think that's a bad thing.
0	imagine our world now without these devices.
0	let's go back to the phones 800-989-talk.
0	for various reasons most of them political.
0	it's one of the nominated oscar documentaries.
0	all right we'll be listening for that.
0	would you read a passage from that?
0	it actually has real application for humankind.
0	this is a huge huge bold project.
0	we want to talk with poets today.
0	it was a sign of upward mobility.
0	now that leads to the next question.
0	i thought it tasted like effervescent robitussin.
0	something else you might not have known?
0	so that seems to be ruled out.
0	there are a lot of golf trips.
0	howard thanks very much for the call.
0	is there something about this particular election?
0	and just finally what about the flooding?
0	well thank you very much for that.
0	but we watched that drama for years.
0	npr's phillip davis is in lafayette louisiana.
0	it's a failed   experience perhaps in part.
0	and welcome to talk of the nation.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	yeah that's being on the artist grind.
0	and education in english will be restricted.
0	i mean like in terms of what.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	it was an enormously significant historical event.
0	a lot of people have mixed views.
0	she joined us here in studio 42.
0	there was my great granddaddy lodus landis.
0	for me i just couldn't take it.
0	i think at uc merced anything's possible.
0	npr's lauren frayer went to meet him.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	this history of mistrust flows both ways.
0	and what do you think of that?
0	here's an email we have from julie.
0	does this just come naturally to you?
0	sign all of your own checks absolutely.
0	if the states should win they'll win.
0	there's no way it ever can end.
0	npr's congressional reporter kelsey snell for us.
0	they don't have control of congress though.
0	well actually it's in the selection process.
0	he spoke to us from new york.
0	rob pincus with us from bexley ohio.
0	but they're just like indy race cars.
0	the market demands brilliance rather than durability.
0	not many people use these devices now.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	so here's jason from cedar springs michigan.
0	the youngest is 18 the oldest 65.
0	that would be the next logical step.
0	how useful is that drone to them?
0	here's ken downey who designed enemy attack.
0	she says she didn't have a job.
0	for npr news this is amy standen.
0	see mary an old wire electrical wire.
0	it took a lot of hard work.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and how i got about 30 seconds.
0	one quick question for you chris anderson.
0	an s. not a summons but a.
0	i think it's for really good reasons.
0	was it the treadmill or the bicycle?
0	fifty journalists have fled to costa rica.
0	i can't replace that any of that.
0	that will be a program worth hearing.
0	they say they will defend their votes.
0	so it's not going to happen immediately.
0	it has been called america's first superhighway.
0	do you ever get used to it?
0	and that doesn't just hurt those families.
0	you may well be aware of that.
0	the reasons for the closure are complex.
0	he often talked about it you know.
0	and 33 states have legalized medical marijuana.
0	one wouldn't be so suspicious of that.
0	they can leave home and be okay.
0	i was the last parishioner to leave.
0	thank you for choosing heartland cash advance.
0	so let's hope for a great series.
0	what created this youth boom or bulge?
0	los angeles won game 1 on tuesday.
0	there we go did it for once.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	they were going to tear it out.
0	it would be foolish to do that.
0	and that's a big deal for me.
0	have you forgiven any of these people?
0	no. she didn't give me the answers.
0	and the answer is yes you can.
0	this is brett in the red shirt.
0	ultimately the crime is against a person.
0	i mean we know that'll never happen.
0	russian president vladimir putin is the host.
0	and so he got them to compromise.
0	and my buddy and i ran over.
0	yeah i got a couple of e-mails.
0	what are some of those other ways?
0	mario pleasure to talk to you again.
0	she left new bern n.c. on tuesday.
0	sometimes you just have to turn inward.
0	it's everything is all in one box.
0	iran said yesterday it's canceling the meeting.
0	it was called the sycamore tree project.
0	recently she invited me to join her.
0	wiley is from south central los angeles.
0	you know what i think he's doing.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	this is science friday from npr news.
0	the national media has written us off.
0	right now the party remains pretty split.
0	npr we hear you loud and clear.
0	so what can the prime minister do?
0	now some senators are concerned about this.
0	and i saw another daughter get married.
0	she's using the holiday to do housework.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	their baby jaden was born in january.
0	walter isaacson joins us from washington dc.
0	i'm glad that he has two kids.
0	and that may be the easy part.
0	let me just play a short clip.
0	well as far as we can tell.
0	they're down to 50 from 99 right?
0	he's the ceo of the light group.
0	my face must have been a ruin.
0	what's the difference between these two bills?
0	that is kind of a market-based mechanism.
0	so you want to go into business.
0	comey says you did talk about it.
0	so that was something new for me.
0	i mean this is a spectacular country.
0	you didn't feel like a child star?
0	it's always good to be back ira.
0	and many residents still have no heat.
0	all the judges gave it to bradley.
0	does that speech put that to rest?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	you know i might try that again.
0	and it just gives me a freedom.
0	but everything else is just about different.
0	then the supreme court legalized same-sex marriage.
0	he says the others are doing well.
0	that's the time in roughly london england.
0	well you have to have breakfast right?
0	it hits very very very few people.
0	or are   separate but equal schools ok?
0	syria was pretty much a middle-class country.
0	the front door was made of steel.
0	well it came from vienna too so.
0	but that pillar is starting to wobble.
0	now truthfully it's a relatively low number.
0	i mean i'm assuming he's pretty well-guarded.
0	it's between five to eight every day.
0	they live in these towns and cities.
0	but no that was the very first.
0	so i did it on the flag.
0	the president met the mandela family yesterday.
0	they're not mansions or anything like that.
0	i think it's going to go seven.
0	but i want to draw attention to.
0	i went to a couple   of restaurants.
0	the pakistanis also had concerns about it.
0	i did not tell her about mine.
0	let's go to ken in clarksville tennessee.
0	i like the way i visualize things.
0	mueller alluded to that in the report.
0	it must have been a terrifying evening.
0	so i'd say i did give up.
0	that's not what most voters want clearly.
0	what needs to happen in your view?
0	and you're a senior in high school?
0	and his name will never be forgotten.
0	we wish you luck with the run.
0	someone is asking is their march today.
0	much like myselfi didn't have many   choices.
0	this is because of a regulatory dispute.
0	yes the committee has gotten tense lately.
0	charlie brown i knew you knew that.
0	pasta used to cost almost five dollars.
0	remember this is the middle of kabul.
0	the app says my eyes are normal.
0	now they're not tweeting about a case.
0	we realize that life does not stop.
0	it's quite a story to start with.
0	he hadn't always been so operationally involved.
0	and boy what a moment that was.
0	and i've often wondered where you were.
0	oh in the middle of the revolution.
0	how do you see this playing out?
0	i said hey that's a great idea.
0	to survive that was the main objective.
0	yeah well libya has a small population.
0	they raise the risk of heart disease.
0	the treasury secretary needs to get named.
0	and the feud may never be settled.
0	he joined us by phone from france.
0	hi it's so nice to be here.
0	right now i'm joined by jon scieszka.
0	this is camille calling from franklin massachusetts.
0	karen started by working on jerry's appearance.
0	and sarah mkhonza is the writer-in-residence there.
0	i mean that's my impression of it.
0	npr's eric westervelt has details from jerusalem.
0	i know in some places it's not.
0	and they've always viewed it that way.
0	the couple had one frozen embryo leftover.
0	this is more or less a blueprint.
0	so beth how did you take that?
0	i want a review of the restaurant.
0	this is franklin from south bend indiana.
0	well there's a kind of general popularity.
0	in the past they denied any wrongdoing.
0	and yeah i guess i wouldn't worry.
0	and it's 18 minutes past the hour.
0	well so how is important is this?
0	but pedro are we being too tough?
0	thank you very much for enlightening me.
0	we don't have art galleries in palestine.
0	i'm not too positive about it no.
0	he's admitted that he did it right?
0	he can't who wants to be here?
0	swalwell wasn't planning to run for congress.
0	cathy thanks very much for the call.
0	he thinks that seattle study is flawed.
0	attending crescent ridge costs $78 a day.
0	so that's part a of the question.
0	these kinds of interactions are no accident.
0	in a way it rescues the finals.
0	how much money's being bet this year?
0	at the moment the jury   is out.
0	well we're just taking a weekend trip.
0	the film itself is kind of revelatory.
0	ken rudin is with us every wednesday.
0	so nice talking to both of you.
0	what an amazing arc in your life?
0	the monroe doctrine is still operative today.
0	i have my family when in syria.
0	it's at the comedy web site superdeluxe.
0	and they'll have to take an airline.
0	that's really the spirit of the book.
0	he knew what he had to do.
0	well that's great that would be wonderful.
0	and he sort of looked at it.
0	no no no no no that's good.
0	he took a brief sabbatical in france.
0	he just wasn't randomly firing the gun.
0	thanks very much for joining us today.
0	so i'll call those the struggling readers.
0	what was it like to be there?
0	we can look back at past climates.
0	and happy averting fiscal cliff for now.
0	you must still feel good about that.
0	i myself am rather skeptical of it.
0	i've talked to a lot of ph.
0	npr's national political correspondent mara liasson reports.
0	but first credit cards for undocumented immigrants.
0	i don't care if it's in houston.
0	he had 23 firearms in that hotel.
0	that is its purpose in my opinion.
0	i didn't want to be around people.
0	they're fighting a curse of their own.
0	and we're like when's our next one?
0	no. i'm not sure that they would.
0	his campaign finance lawyer is trevor potter.
0	he rejected public funds for the primaries.
0	i didn't realize it as a kid.
0	but not everybody even tells at 16.
0	the tragedy captivated tv viewers for weeks.
0	i would say that's a fabulous recipe.
0	david you go to one grocery store.
0	and thanks very much for coming in.
0	dr. jay varkey immediately sprung into action.
0	maya wang has been tracking the crackdown.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	poor light dinosaurs foot prints you said?
0	how are bridezillas and terrible grooms created?
0	it   happened just after 9:00 one night.
0	so what happens when she goes away?
0	then mccain's campaign fell on hard times.
0	and soon enough she went to bed.
0	you were an advisor to that group.
0	obviously in the past five years significant.
0	but first towns get tough on immigration.
0	it's all being done on the hill.
0	i mean they must have been exhausted.
0	we need to follow up on that.
0	does he watch lots of cable tv?
0	it's way bigger than frankly a ceo.
0	why is it due to human activity?
0	yeah it's a very physical martial art.
0	there's maybe $12 billion in spending cuts.
0	well he said a number of things.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	he joined   us by phone from boston.
0	let's bring another voice into the conversation.
0	the u.s. government is also now conflicted.
0	and why is this still important now?
0	tell us what he means by that.
0	thanks very much for the call robert.
0	it was very obvious on the ground.
0	well we want to hear from you.
0	this is really what it's all about.
0	would that be nanoparticles things like that?
0	so we want to hear from you.
0	we have to use the legislative process.
0	so that's the delicate balance to tread.
0	and now you have pretty much nothing.
0	and if not where does it end?
0	i mean these programs are incredibly expensive.
0	the lab did have some moneymaking results.
0	i mean what do they tell you?
0	which pushes bedtime back a smidge too.
0	but beyond that frankly we're not sure.
0	well the big problem is our forests.
0	well you know there are many ways.
0	he joins us from salt lake city.
0	that is housed in the national archives.
0	mark you get the last word briefly.
0	and you never heard about her again.
0	iran of course another ally of syria.
0	and listen look at your retirement plan.
0	and we're withdrawing 11,000 at this point.
0	things were going very well in 2000.
0	so what is the fate of daca?
0	had they gotten   the best from him?
0	you know i look at the grass.
0	i went to an ivy league school.
0	we've know economic vulnerability all the time.
0	professor munnell welcome back to the program.
0	and those numbers are important to remember.
0	the big one is no fossil fuels.
0	we're cooking in our new york studio.
0	could you professor review it for us?
0	who knows how they pick these brands?
0	i'm interested in the point guard matchup.
0	it can be malicious political inadvertent well-meaning.
0	it hasn't changed in about four years.
0	and both were introduced in the 1980s.
0	many of them are teens and 20-somethings.
0	inside each bowl are three egg whites.
0	but new york never really shuts down.
0	we want to hear from catholics today.
0	you don'tyou can't   afford to make mistakes.
0	if you'd like to join us: 800-989-8255.
0	of course it would be very major.
0	we make free curricula from   science friday.
0	let me get a reaction from steve.
0	so they   get your attention those ways.
0	so you don't want to do that.
0	that's a stunning amount of air bags.
0	ali is portly with a stubbly beard.
0	and e-mail from kurt in renton washington.
0	that's an interesting point sister simone campbell.
0	let's see what we've got going on.
0	well maybe you saw it last night.
0	assange thumbed his nose at western governments.
0	we know where the problem areas are.
0	and don brought that to many people.
0	i think it's george allen from virginia.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	we start oh feed the homeless man.
0	now you're probably saying wait a minute.
0	so we'll continue to   watch this situation.
0	no more no more stick shift here.
0	theyve never been on the front pages.
0	they can make money wherever they are.
0	he's in baghdad and on the line.
0	i'm there to do the tough cases.
0	but first a meditation on the dragon.
0	you can tell that shelley is rattled.
0	we have a greater sense of solidarity.
0	and many people are asking why now?
0	she did not mention trump by name.
0	i would say a couple of things.
0	the elephant caps sold out right away.
0	i thought she did a good job.
0	that's who we commit our lives to.
0	maybe it would finally bring some rain.
0	and how about sunni arabs in general?
0	does it have any say in this?
0	don's medical missions formally started in 1966.
0	they gave the mother the bad news.
0	but these people one may change sides.
0	north country public radio's david sommerstein reports.
0	but somehow it just didn't work out.
0	here we are a financially distressed city.
0	got some thoughts you want to express?
0	christopher been good doing business with you.
0	the slick is not one large blob.
0	in 1955 best picture came into play.
0	even figures on unemployment are not reliable.
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	and that's what the crater looks like.
0	she wrote it just like it was.
0	they are animal they do like this.
0	usually i haven't met the family before.
0	ted koppel's report for us begins there.
0	and people kind of responded to that.
0	so thus was born a scientific career.
0	what's happening in the courts right now?
0	people think well cuban americans are nuts.
0	thank you and i love the show.
0	let's just start with the pet rock.
0	and i am ashamed of the republicans.
0	umberto martinez of the mexican cultural institute.
0	well you know there's some great ones.
0	they don't want to mention his name.
0	go out into the streets with it.
0	who knows if anyone could beat them?
0	adam hochberg npr news columbia south carolina.
0	and julie what would that amendment do?
0	you think there should be fish everywhere.
0	house republicans finally put theirs in writing.
0	the question now is what's going wrong?
0	that is what is worrying the americans.
0	well let's move on to south africa.
0	were trying to keep the government working.
0	they spent the most time with him.
0	the two candidates are tied among women.
0	i'm the second oldest of seven children.
0	the proposal he's pushing goes like this.
0	they look nice and fat and healthy.
0	this time it was the education secretary.
0	and he's founder of the   bee works.
0	and the third of course was what?
0	as far as the olympics are concerned?
0	people do express that point of view.
0	subandriyo is a government volcanologist in jogjakarta.
0	another guy's sort of in a crouch.
0	they have said there are different paths.
0	thank you for speaking with us today.
0	everybody knows somebody that is the truth.
0	but you know back to the irrigation.
0	let me play you what he said.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	the patient came in with heart disease.
0	that's when you usually have race riots.
0	well sometimes my legs feel like jelly.
0	that wasn't the case 10 years ago.
0	she will be on the stage tonight.
0	so we don't fry in canola oil.
0	sounds like good news for some workers.
0	i mean the atmosphere of the party.
0	you thought you were going to die.
0	i live in a very high-crime area.
0	good to have you with us sarah.
0	ari shapiro npr news lehigh acres florida.
0	there are different ways to get there.
0	esau sinnok is an 18-year-old shishmaref native.
0	it's certainly a question worth thinking about.
0	i hope i do while i'm here.
0	this is one of those you-can't-count-your-chickens-before-they've-hatched moments.
0	he said they were in harm's way.
0	carol's with us from golconda in illinois.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	but my songs always have cross-currents happening.
0	how did you work with your problem?
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	why did she destroy all the letters?
0	why did any lady of those times?
0	two rid chemist marie of the disease.
0	a lot of bad info out there.
0	i tweet at nprscottsimon all one word.
0	whatever happens he says they're not alone.
0	what exactly happened while he was there?
0	it is rather to make it work.
0	and everyone has evacuated in that area.
0	forty-year-old roberto reyes is originally from honduras.
0	oh i think that's part of it.
0	nelson mandela is 90 years old today.
0	amy mitchell heads journalism research at pew.
0	it sort of sounds like that madeleine.
0	we're joined now by lieutenant thomas glover.
0	you mention your father being a businessman.
0	start with that water for god's sake.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	but nigerians say enough of presidential promises.
0	so we took corrective action after that.
0	they've both been pillars of mubarak's regime.
0	not enough details not heavy geeky science.
0	well yeah because see i don't know.
0	they were their lives were so evanescent.
0	i'm not sure if things have changed.
0	her granddaughter is about to have triplets.
0	often described sometimes as even bush's brain.
0	that has not normally been the case.
0	and i understand you're from germantown maryland.
0	how do you get past all that?
0	but we already have a legislative draft.
0	well it's certainly carried throughout the week.
0	number one is stumbling building and writer's.
0	after high school there are few opportunities.
0	well their standards are just ridiculous sometimes.
0	thanks mike good to be with you.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	their son francis pop was born here.
0	you're going to be spared that ordeal.
0	i'm impressed you know that exact number.
0	that sounds like a lot of money.
0	a guarantee that's become explicit this week.
0	just as fraught and just as contacted.
0	where did you get this technology from?
0	well no. we have outside air already.
0	i'm not sure i understand your question.
0	collective joy i find that rather clunky.
0	i was one of the lucky ones.
0	and i remember we adjourned for lunch.
0	because sometimes just normal is good enough.
0	what about sarah palin and joe biden?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so why am i talking over it?
0	i mean currently i'm the pc technician.
0	at the top of the list corruption.
0	but it wasn't just jackson this week.
0	right now we're at 170,000 in all.
0	this is a trivia question with footnotes.
0	the day after the 4th it's done.
0	again that's new music from st. vincent.
0	and steve can i call you lips?
0	look at king midas he'd have said.
0	now it's overflowing with people heading south.
0	you know you go round and round.
0	jeff's with us from wichita in kansas.
0	the cost of energy and food fell.
0	there is concern about the debt ceiling.
0	we'll accept the congratulations anyway they come.
0	what's the difference between those geologic units?
0	so where do you go from here?
0	good to have you with us shawn.
0	here's his take on the leno news.
0	would he consider any of those actions?
0	they realized it was kind of crazy.
0	and i think deliveries begin in december.
0	we're still trying to find that out.
0	mike pence was born in columbus ind.
0	i was like what is that gum?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	oh yeah her sayings were the best.
0	and guy what's happened so far today?
0	the second what was your second question?
0	this is michael oliver from portland ore.
0	he and companions threw molotov cocktails back.
0	everybody has something they draw you know?
0	andy thanks very much for the call.
0	i think that's a very good point.
0	i'm laura sullivan in for guy raz.
0	it's like a steam bath standing here.
0	do sharks and humans share some traits?
0	have they lived up to the hype?
0	it's i mean it's they are beautiful.
0	aaron david miller thanks for coming in.
0	and it's just it's really intriguing stuff.
0	i have struggled with these same things.
0	that's we thought that would be funny.
0	and i laughed and i said thanks.
0	and their halts were almost sliding stops.
0	they change back into their floor-length dresses.
0	it's right in front of our nose.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	that's what they were trying to say.
0	and yes technically they did have votes.
0	dahlia lithwick where do you come down?
0	and i don't hear any much alternative.
0	that's often the problem in these hearings.
0	volunteers throw them fresh pieces of squid.
0	he was searching for food in vain.
0	his condition i would say is guarded.
0	they should be working on an amendment.
0	flora lichtman our multimedia editor is here.
0	the u.s. is has so much talent.
0	are you ready to play the puzzle?
0	jefferson doesn't seem that way at all.
0	well michael heller good luck to you.
0	my new barbershop isn't quite like that.
0	as the saying goes defense wins championships.
0	they are what made frederick douglass possible.
0	joining me as always is will shortz.
0	there are some who oppose the program.
0	and here you can see the castle.
0	and i believe that was during somalia.
0	why do you have information up there?
0	north country public radio's brian mann explains.
0	and he's hoping they get it right.
0	in our business we call it newsheimers.
0	i think it just comes with it.
0	i was struck by the word successful.
0	we base it on what they do.
0	and how about go ahead i'm sorry.
0	he invented the swim   fins the bifocals.
0	there was a two-week trial in january.
0	and trump is the one that's unpredictable.
0	listening attentively is mckenzie rolfing age 32.
0	i mean dead men tell no tales.
0	can we talk more about that relationship?
0	critics have not softened their opposition though.
0	direct emotion can be a great exchange.
0	i   don't really like care at all.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. rosenberg.
0	you very much enjoyed being a soprano.
0	you have hillary clinton with the organization.
0	he's also writing a much longer version.
0	and this is a time commitment right?
0	all right let's flash forward to morehouse.
0	miguel saavedra is one of their leaders.
0	yes because i really love napa wine.
0	it's all things considered from npr west.
0	has there been any news on amari?
0	but it's you know just very simple.
0	it's about are you making wise decisions?
0	that's basically what happened september 22nd 1985.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they need to be brought before justice.
0	the this has been a democratic district.
0	well nelson well we're talking about the.
0	and you should show up in time.
0	are they looking ahead in those areas?
0	how have politics there changed since 2008?
0	it's look who came to say hello.
0	you know it's interesting the caller's perspective.
0	that's generally a long and frustrating process.
0	but government agencies don't have that flexibility.
0	i was like yes it's about time.
0	guaido really doesn't control anything in venezuela.
0	like is this really the comedian's fault?
0	so shankar what did they find out?
0	and i've also done like ski shots.
0	she's media columnist for the washington post.
0	you can also zap us an email.
0	more with dean kamen in a moment.
0	how are people there in lebanon responding?
0	because we talked about well well ok.
0	jonathan calling us from charleston south carolina.
0	matt tell us more about this lawsuit.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	on sunday it will be three years.
0	well they didn't get the ultimate result.
0	they don't care how muscular you are.
0	yes and it's not all that new.
0	sounds like i'm describing 1,000 different movies.
0	they were doing what they could there.
0	all the best to both of you.
0	so he just didn't want to read?
0	mundo is with us from sonoma california.
0	arends is an independent who supports clinton.
0	they're not going to try that again.
0	how do you balance the volatility there?
0	well it fared actually very very well.
0	i really really want to see you.
0	will it be in a sun room?
0	i can see the shake table move.
0	but you have to consider the source.
0	you know that happens all the time.
0	he resigned from the senate in 1995.
0	i hope i'm pronouncing your name correctly.
0	so how did that work for you?
0	i know you've seen this e-mail farai.
0	i'm getting married on the july 14th.
0	and conservatives have a lot of challenges.
0	but i just saw them as children.
0	jason with us from raleigh north carolina.
0	and then it's time for alicia's speech.
0	she is a reporter with stateimpact oklahoma.
0	could you put off that light there?
0	everybody else is playing on consecutive days.
0	scientists are getting really close it's said.
0	we're talking about this week several races.
0	you just need to know your mushrooms.
0	but we'll leave that for another day.
0	it's got a darker quality to it.
0	well that's why god invented the videogame.
0	paris hilton in russia god bless them.
0	ok will what's up for next week?
0	click on the submit your answer link.
0	why are you not talking about healthcare?
0	or even mark warner for that matter.
0	and again he was an obama supporter.
0	last year was far better seguerra says.
0	today there are just under 300 students.
0	npr's elise hu thanks so much elise.
0	he's a bit of a slow talker.
0	keith boykin is the creator of keithboykin.
0	we want to know what you think.
0	that is the big issue in november.
0	the bishops say they'll definitely provide comment.
0	they have changed the golf course considerably.
0	one looked like a small tenor saxophone.
0	the first how did we get here?
0	paul thanks very much for the call.
0	that's an organization for left-leaning gun lovers.
0	well it may or it may not.
0	how are they going to do that?
0	this was supposed to be a celebration.
0	npr's corey flintoff speaking from port-au-prince haiti.
0	it just is part of everyday life.
0	this one happens to be from linda.
0	this has not been an intelligence-led investigation.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	the women and often blond always thin.
0	fernandes is an immigrant herself twice over.
0	it's the star forward hong chun rim.
0	i didn't realize it was so offensive.
0	ok remind us of last week's puzzle.
0	and daniel has an update this morning.
0	great tv ads for both of them.
0	they didn't serve as senator and mayor.
0	but people they were just very skeptical.
0	that's true in colorado's senate as well.
0	stephen we have time for one more.
0	i spoke with her earlier this year.
0	we had a question from bruce sachs.
0	you know i mean i personalized it.
0	twenty-twelve isn't just a presidential election year.
0	if we withdraw to what to quarters?
0	the procedure is in there right now.
0	so we know that material got out.
0	doug thanks very much for the call.
0	how long have we been in korea?
0	and i operate a group home actually.
0	many of those cases still remain unsolved.
0	so how did this idea come together?
0	that would raise awareness as well right?
0	he did a lot of local interviews.
0	you know her attention has been divided.
0	edwards will get his vote next month.
0	but the supreme court did not agree.
0	i don't agree with him on abortion.
0	how bad are conditions there medically   speaking?
0	all right let's bring a caller in.
0	the applications are up almost 20 percent.
0	good to have you with us joe.
0	we also had bp solar as well.
0	about one-third of them are young people.
0	i mean our economy is still weak.
0	even he's no one looks at him.
0	so first of all refresh our memories.
0	a pentagon is better than a square.
0	otherwise it would never have to surface.
0	honestly it feels like it's three pounds.
0	not to get a kid a job.
0	nice of you to be with us.
0	always good to talk to you buddy.
0	well there's a lot of active research.
0	i fussed at andy for doing this.
0	and they were deported without their children.
0	let's not talk about verizon anymore ok?
0	it did and he never really recovered.
0	gm sales last month fell 17 percent.
0	what does it mean to win though?
0	the engineers there they had targeted curiosity.
0	i think the fed is very transparent.
0	it's an active compound in psychedelic mushrooms.
0	i've you know grew up reading comics.
0	kurt thanks very much for the call.
0	well it's clearly a lot of potential.
0	this industrial canal connects up to mr-go.
0	can you mrsa from sweaty gym equipment?
0	and ambassador sherman welcome to the program.
0	if somebody says oh what's going on?
0	susan kennedy a lawyer in new jersey.
0	we've got to quickly summarize the story.
0	it's central to the assembly line process.
0	it's now transitioned to a morning object.
0	what did it get out of it?
0	it would spread it out a bit.
0	this is about future generations yet unborn.
0	they want to participate in their communities.
0	thanks very much for the call sally.
0	you can have a very just cause.
0	and the homeowner is completely torn up.
0	so these kids want a different model.
0	you can also create programs and policies.
0	sue welcome to talk of the nation.
0	and i don't think it's going away.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i might tear my homemade fairy costume.
0	it's a   very you know large audience.
0	oh cathy i'm afraid you cut out.
0	jen it turns out specialized in statistics.
0	they tell your kids what to do.
0	i was used to working at things.
0	guy raz is the npr's defense correspondent.
0	unfortunately bruce ivins was a good guy.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	well aid is beginning to come in.
0	you know could you ask me later?
0	we're at girls prep lower east side.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	finally this email from claire in california.
0	he died in 1998 at age 79.
0	so politics can bring a country down.
0	our project we definitely thought about it.
0	and in most cases there wasn't either.
0	it's sort of about what happens next.
0	i have guayanilla which is one of.
0	they're challenging the rest of the world.
0	sex education and child abuse and molestation.
0	i got it on my cell phone.
0	so he has the upper hand here.
0	name the capital of the united states?
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	rather that than going down the street.
0	from san antonio npr's wade goodwyn reports.
0	your fundraising no longer drives the schedule.
0	i mean mccain-feingold gave birth to 527s.
0	everyone in commercials is young and happy.
0	so you got to go to 100.
0	the idea of russians not purchasing vodka.
0	i don't think that's not a strategy.
0	libby nice to have you with us.
0	and they know each other very well.
0	and you know walkmans were fairly   cheaper.
0	actually i should say england and wales.
0	back to our u.s. election season now.
0	my name was michel michel it was.
0	president obama has called the law misguided.
0	drugs   don't care what color you are.
0	i thought model ts were only black.
0	are you talking about peru or mexico?
0	that day i pitched nine   inningsnine innings.
0	he had stopped paying his grazing leases.
0	the device did not record the calls.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	i thought we had a good meeting.
0	well there appears to be some question.
0	and now for today's business bottom line.
0	that'll be a basis for his appeal.
0	leslie good luck and hang in there.
0	so it lends itself to be manipulated.
0	but they must be doing something right.
0	this is what you gave the democrats.
0	now why no charges against americans there?
0	we spoke with three of them yesterday.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and is any of it actually good?
0	the national guard is on the interstate.
0	i don't and i'll tell you why.
0	gunpowder is popular is a popular fuel.
0	he joins me now in the studio.
0	thank you very much for the call.
0	it's unclear how long we're in here.
0	everyone keeps saying where does she sit?
0	and that was the team from imperial.
0	mark is on the line from baltimore.
0	and there are different types of fluoride.
0	and that's where we are right now.
0	so i did run at different times.
0	it flagged the interesting ones for follow-up.
0	malik thanks very much for the call.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	janet wertheimer still has some back pain.
0	ok so you're a democrat from manhattan?
0	i think we need to slow down.
0	i have always used a cell phone.
0	and there are some people that can.
0	so we actually cut the nerve so.
0	but the sanctions are one pressure point.
0	he talked about the boston tea party.
0	i never even heard of it before.
0	the question is what does it mean?
0	we're either polish or slovak or hungarian.
0	more on this later in the program.
0	yeah but they were actually counting votes.
0	that's probably not such a good idea.
0	catholic principlesand so what would that entail?
0	shepperd thinks it's probably made of ice.
0	and the changes aren't just to wildlife.
0	he was appointed by former president obama.
0	he needs to raise doubts about obama.
0	he does believe in tighter background checks.
0	this is really up to you now.
0	and then the olympics are coming up.
0	npr's corey flintoff joins us from moscow.
0	his daughter rebecca owns the coffee shop.
0	that's npr's leila fadel in las vegas.
0	yeah yeah that's just i mean ok.
0	whose side is time on in libya?
0	these   people have not changed their stripes.
0	that's scott perry a republican from pennsylvania.
0	well maura johnston you're my american idol.
0	greg allen npr news panama city fla.
0	the   myth is that it is state-supported.
0	i mean truly that's not the case.
0	i wasn't being included on email threads.
0	they're just starting to play orchestra arrangements.
0	we should not be naive about medicine.
0	trials are moving from clinics to courtrooms.
0	professor dunphy thanks for being with us.
0	so people are a little more optimistic.
0	this is a terrestrial orchid called ophrys.
0	what kind of career would you like?
0	so you have a double whammy there.
0	i have called this principle natural selection.
0	she's a freelance reporter reporting for npr.
0	we also want to hear from you.
0	she joins us now on the line.
0	she just didn't have time for you.
0	probably that's a breach of security though.
0	and what are doing at the stove?
0	and were they being raised as cattle?
0	are you smarter than a fifth grader?
0	and what does this mean for retailers?
0	you never know there are terrorists outside.
0	it's a subject of today's health segment.
0	it's saving tons of money for taxpayers.
0	you could only call it a tragedy.
0	eric westervelt npr news nevada city calif.
0	they want to see change right now.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	he was at the studios on campus.
0	it's in retaliation against a court decision.
0	hillary clinton dennis kucinich and mike gravel.
0	he'll be back with us next month.
0	thanks very much for the call diana.
0	and i was like ok whatever next.
0	oh no there is no one here.
0	their faculties have contracts with the university.
0	why aren't they just selling it now?
0	she sat down with npr's yuki noguchi.
0	you know it is it is tempting.
0	and right now we have the stalemate.
0	he will make it comfortable for you.
0	even after all the votes are in.
0	now what were the reactions to this?
0	they make a really vibrant economic contribution.
0	but what is the flaw in that?
0	americans want to know what's going on.
0	you got any warranty on that baby?
0	he did two tours and came back.
0	are they equally powerful equally worth protest?
0	my traveling companion is next to me.
0	thanks for being with us mr. fox.
0	did nancy pelosi address those concerns today?
0	and that tribal base is quite strong.
0	that investigation is due out in   december.
0	he's on his neighbor's rooftop stripping cables.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	we're talking about teens dating and abuse.
0	sirat amin is a kenyan nutrition manager.
0	thanks very much for the call stewart.
0	and so that's what judge pickering did.
0	now i totally agree with the teacher.
0	you said you were 9 i think.
0	john thanks very much for the call.
0	thank you happy new year to you.
0	they have sort of two risky options.
0	reginald thanks very much for the call.
0	she's running for governor in south carolina.
0	none of those are the answer right?
0	thanks so much to both of you.
0	it will depend on who you talk.
0	they ended up beating romney pretty handily.
0	how do you relate your character jojo?
0	wondering what you thought of those comments?
0	so here's a part of that conversation.
0	it has to be worth their popularity.
0	so we wanted to have a balance.
0	and they went out and saw it.
0	is that what you were looking for?
0	i'm currently in graduate school in washington.
0	i mean it's something it's very glitzy.
0	how many million i have no idea.
0	ambassador duddy welcome to all things considered.
0	what type of inmates are held there?
0	bac duong is a 43-year-old homeless man.
0	and this is not an uncommon thing.
0	and i say that sort of mockingly.
0	it's   very hard to leave my home.
0	the two countries have a closed border.
0	it's one of the most difficult ones.
0	but father mark brokowski doesn't recommend it.
0	my relationship with sri chinmoy in vast.
0	and is there a stigma against sadness?
0	and every year it was getting worse.
0	where do you fall on this robert?
0	so each network has a different tale.
0	nice batman allusion bringing it all back.
0	capitalized words and plurals are not allowed.
0	well virgin galactic is actually quite close.
0	so i need i and n right?
0	inside the compound men sleep on cots.
0	i would never suggest it be altered.
0	fourteen people died and 20 were injured.
0	and that is being done very well.
0	how is the government approaching that problem?
0	so i'm going to let you go.
0	we appreciate you taking the time today.
0	she's taught writing at iowa harvard columbia.
0	but the administration isn't asking for that.
0	is he right or wrong about iran?
0	yeah i'm a live hog truck driver.
0	some of these things just take time.
0	eric welcome to talk of the nation.
0	so i think they see some opportunities.
0	well this is an extraordinarily improper conversation.
0	and the potential impact on south korea?
0	and it all broke down by race.
0	and i was like wait a second.
0	a handful of people have even died.
0	i mean we are we have immigrants.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	and you know it's a real problem.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	i'm neal conan npr news in washington.
0	i hope i'll never have another opportunity.
0	well reporter chana joffe-walt has that story.
0	he's also hurt because hillary didn't win.
0	we're talking about life and death here.
0	i mean you too are a celebrity.
0	you know that could be the case.
0	and i think that's going to continue.
0	i don't want to give it away.
0	that is not what we expect today.
0	good to be with you mary louise.
0	we're talking with farhad manjoo of slate.
0	in fact public support was already lost.
0	that's the most   interesting thing i think.
0	so it's going to be really hard.
0	and he also has pick up delegates.
0	i mean it's definitely a complex process.
0	it should not be a political issue.
0	i think it was a wake-up call.
0	well i think you can do both.
0	and he chuckled and he said yeah.
0	milosevic is dead and gone thank god.
0	right now it's 26 democrats 24 republicans.
0	also groups that fight and kill muslims.
0	why did these democrats want her gone?
0	but it's clear this is something else.
0	methane is a very potent greenhouse gas.
0	this is typical actually of jihadi groups.
0	what how do they regard health care?
0	atul gawande welcome back to the program.
0	no most people wouldn't i wouldn't think.
0	yeah my mom was a great cook.
0	i think the atmosphere it's not lying.
0	they worry   about lost jobs and income.
0	you can team up with your friends.
0	so for most people that's the experience.
0	and it makes sense to some degree.
0	it won't be too salty to eat.
0	here's an email from leo in tucson.
0	we didn't do that with your schools.
0	you   know the word ascertain we want.
0	business leaders are looking ahead far ahead.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	what makes it so amazing to you?
0	welcome back to the program dr. stanley.
0	eugene you have any weigh-in on that?
0	thanks michael very much for the call.
0	and he says that is one concern.
0	let's get some emails on the line.
0	and i said look at this town.
0	and that will increase those annual deficits.
0	you're not going to ease their pain.
0	they're not even in the same ballpark.
0	maybe that's what people are reacting to.
0	forty-three people died and thousands were arrested.
0	he thinks the kids are the answer.
0	what kind of impact could this have?
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	there are some very complex issues here.
0	and that's pretty much what you do.
0	i'm ira flatow talking with james turner.
0	i thought that that season was over.
0	that's not going to happen this time.
0	they and how do you define it?
0	the next two are scheduled for tonight.
0	laura thanks very much for the call.
0	and i said i really didn't know.
0	kalb is not that anxious about it.
0	live free or die and all that.
0	collin is with us from san francisco.
0	only semi-tongue in cheek i should add.
0	for one thing says organizer cindy camm.
0	and you don't hold that against him.
0	they'll play another underdog miami at ohio.
0	you can't force an organizer on someone.
0	this is franklin franklin calling from cincinnati.
0	we should be doing better at it.
0	it's neal conan at national public radio.
0	it doesn't mean that they're not sad.
0	could you pass the phone to somebody?
0	things got better after an unusual encounter.
0	and she said no i never called.
0	and we said well did you call?
0	so that's when you have your moment.
0	that would have never been an issue.
0	sullivan had just had enough of it.
0	we've got mitt romney saying something different.
0	remember there's the fuel that we're using.
0	if you don't want buy insurance yes.
0	it really is something to look at.
0	things are not always what they seem.
0	nicola lindson-hawley studies smoking behavior in england.
0	it was our turn to finish it.
0	we just came here with a candle.
0	another 80,000 died in the months following.
0	it's going to shrink their brains right?
0	we don't control what happens in tallahassee.
0	well mike castle is a well-known quantity.
0	here's an e-mail from davida in cincinnati.
0	so that's good news for the candidates.
0	in a study on hundreds of smokers.
0	so that's a savings of about $500.
0	and this was a few days later.
0	it's just another term for an affair.
0	they are not extras on the show.
0	mostly because it would be too time-consuming.
0	and he has a lot of humility.
0	and so thatthere was very little   violence.
0	that was great thank you so much.
0	the job is not built for success.
0	we've been disenfranchised in the 2000 election.
0	i'm going to give you some words.
0	and he is also running for president.
0	cheri brand irwin was the coppertone baby.
0	oh she also has a hamburger phone.
0	you're just talking about the paint right?
0	but is it coming back to you?
0	that's not necessarily age-related though is it?
0	good news from the flight control team.
0	well what i'm doing at this moment.
0	was this overshadowing his trip at all?
0	i think karl rove should step down.
0	why not store it onshore on ground?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and robert smith npr news columbus ohio.
0	piles of this fly ash and debris.
0	npr's adam hochberg reports from kingston tennessee.
0	she says it gives them staying power.
0	but it's also really good reality tv.
0	but he so easily could have been.
0	this remains the ground of my politics.
0	well you know it just wasn't dallassouthblog.
0	thank you for having me on again.
0	justin bradford speaking with us via skype.
0	consumer advocate bob hunter questions their motivation.
0	npr's anne garrels joins us from baghdad.
0	so you hope to become a teacher?
0	brand each of those is a brand.
0	the whole night i just felt uncomfortable.
0	we're going into another major election here.
0	she joins us here in studio 3a.
0	let's go to conrad in hampton virginia.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	i don't think it's going to stick.
0	the bill never passed under president clinton.
0	american economic numbers have been stronger lately.
0	and i try to ask my mom.
0	i'm outside now at klyde warren park.
0	well john it's charles by the way.
0	jackson was called to testify about that.
0	this is not just about abuse cases.
0	what happens if this referendum doesn't pass?
0	let's see if this rings a bell.
0	the other brother john bulger is present.
0	thor thank you so much for that.
0	number of my head is 3.2017 trillion.
0	there was a lot of blighted housing.
0	thanks very much for the call raduan.
0	well you mentioned parker griffith switching parties.
0	okay thanks very much for the call.
0	something similar could happen in pakistan neal.
0	kirk odom is now one of them.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	the two married and had nine children.
0	today it's known as lowe's motor speedway.
0	holly thanks very much for the call.
0	carol with us from springboro in ohio.
0	i don't consider having add a curse.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	you think about the conflict in syria.
0	are you muslim or jew or christian?
0	the celebration was planned for the evening.
0	i dont really i dont hear it.
0	you think ok i'm finally above water.
0	nice to have you back with us.
0	so what's your issue with immediate gratification?
0	eat 'em up tigers eat 'em up.
0	well and so the next question is.
0	so he would not go to jail?
0	this is what he might add now.
0	the weather is getting nice every day.
0	you are the one that left me.
0	we'll be back after a short break.
0	good to have you with us today.
0	like give us another example of that.
0	we have no foreclosures right now post-katrina.
0	yep old-fashioned letters sent through the mail.
0	ahmad jamal seems cautious at the keyboard.
0	the top tax rate was 70 percent.
0	during my time over there they died.
0	so you have to really be strategic.
0	you need oxygen for things to burn.
0	and what were you the great cauliflower?
0	how comes you're right so many times?
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	she was in npr's new york studios.
0	robert b. ackers 32nd december 30th 2006.
0	good afternoon i really appreciate your show.
0	they've been there for over a month.
0	no a month ago a week ago?
0	you have to turn off your radio.
0	u.s. planes and drones are supporting them.
0	so i promise i will do it.
0	all right it's our producer david gura.
0	maybe i just got better with practice.
0	life's a   game and then you die.
0	npr's greg allen is in gainesville fla.
0	there are people talking about timetables deadlines.
0	i admire your courage and your honesty.
0	like the ethical concern here is what?
0	but not all agree with the boycott.
0	he's already committed to doing more reforms.
0	we need to put ourselves in motion.
0	what about this recent spate of shootings.
0	david thanks so much for coming in.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	they're certainly behaving in a deceptive manner.
0	general townsend thanks for taking the time.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	leila fadel npr's international correspondent in cairo.
0	yeah i think there's some agreement there.
0	well he always wanted to be governor.
0	would you just tell us about that?
0	so what's the prognosis for spirit now?
0	but in 1995 it did get worse.
0	and that hurt her again as well.
0	tuesday the woman was placed in isolation.
0	that's what manafoe and his colleagues wondered.
0	he records under the name blood orange.
0	if you run it's not too good.
0	it'll be fashionable to vote for obama.
0	it was a very very hard situation.
0	well mormons are actually divided on that.
0	and there are also concerns about landslides.
0	marshall allen is a reporter with propublica.
0	an observation worthy of yogi bera perhaps.
0	and we were   like little boys again.
0	so was it really the women's march?
0	erin thanks very much for the call.
0	you know they report to law enforcement.
0	and we'd like to hear from you.
0	trump made no apologies at the rally.
0	or three maybe they just like volleyball.
0	yes yes absolutely and for a venture.
0	if you've shared a password what happened?
0	elizabeth olson speaking with us from atlanta.
0	jumping from the chair she sat in.
0	what do you do with this information?
0	justin with you first why is that?
0	critics are one thing peers are another.
0	and then the last thing is authenticity.
0	we want to hear from you too.
0	tamara keith reports from member station kqed.
0	she said no. i said no ma'am.
0	you know well that's a great question.
0	but seriously tell me about morton feldman.
0	now she thinks her prognosis was meaningless.
0	this is really a wonderfully triumphant song.
0	they're becoming a lot less clear now.
0	well what would suggest that he has?
0	our national office is in cleveland ohio.
0	sometimes you've got to suck it up.
0	let's bring another voice into this conversation.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	she brought out a lot of women.
0	my father didn't run a undercover operation.
0	he was 27 and 10 that year.
0	it's been such a cool damp spring.
0	but for people who believe in faith.
0	the conversation also continues on our webpage.
0	do you think that is still true?
0	it did clean up the tax code.
0	sanderson just signed with a major label.
0	lulu what role has nato played today?
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	it's not a fact about our personalities.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	she's 10 and has a brilliant smile.
0	and it was a tremendous interesting moment.
0	we'll talk to you again next week.
0	that's really what it comes down to.
0	there are those who disagree with you.
0	we'll catch up with him next spring.
0	and thus far nothing has gone wrong?
0	they're playing a dirty game he says.
0	that's what we need to do here.
0	larry fink is the ceo of blackrock.
0	this is about impacting investing for instance.
0	dingell or waxman who's your money on?
0	he was nine years older than me.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	well there lies the rub possibly true.
0	maybe we should also move there ourselves?
0	don gonyea npr news the white house.
0	so is it a change of heart?
0	but what are you actually talking about?
0	our country does not belong to mexico.
0	see its nose coming up right there?
0	what would i do for child care?
0	well they're interconnected in somewhat complicated ways.
0	and what's the answer to that question?
0	when do you plan to slow down?
0	we're going to have to reopen cases.
0	most teenagers struggle with the teenage years.
0	it's just shear sentimentality and it's kitsch.
0	the meeting goes on for another hour.
0	just as we start talking about him.
0	le pen it is not a choice.
0	safety the word in sports in 2013.
0	after that it's down to the product.
0	so different smell for different you know.
0	it's a big oversized book very lovely.
0	i don't know the answer to that.
0	my name is samuel sonda from liberia.
0	we really have to talk about it.
0	still he says it could be worse.
0	thanks for coming on day to day.
0	children are a resource a national resource.
0	those preparations should come as no surprise.
0	millions of immigrants had entered the country.
0	that's roughly over the last 10 years.
0	i would ask you a few questions.
0	malcolm buried the word in the '60s.
0	alagna later said i had to quit.
0	it will start to ease back off.
0	who's going to do the police reporting?
0	you want that to stay with israel.
0	the demand for equal rights is provocative.
0	there's hardly any people-to-people contact at all.
0	i think the mustache was the clue.
0	that's where podcast music generally comes from.
0	this is from charice in portland oregon.
0	and hopefully save more than you think.
0	and here are some of her fears.
0	podcasts would sound pretty bland without music.
0	and again the subject you're interested in?
0	hey how are you doing this afternoon?
0	let's bring in mark from fremont california.
0	the american people are ready for it.
0	and is that true by and large?
0	and i knew i was in trouble.
0	and so it was super super expensive.
0	that's why you give a tree water.
0	translations of what kinds of ancient texts?
0	i made the other with canned pumpkin.
0	i'm not saying it's a good thing.
0	they've managed to keep the government open.
0	i assume that's not her real name.
0	when you lose the pain is deep.
0	you are listening to all things considered.
0	the net sinks into the green water.
0	there's no direct evidence for other universes.
0	are you making more at your job?
0	we're hurting and we need this community.
0	mohamed el kashef is the group's researcher.
0	i think i oftentimes laugh as well.
0	so indeed my mother got me ready.
0	there is no dispute about one thing.
0	here's north carolina's attorney general josh stein.
0	it is deja vu all over again.
0	there's no deal without california is there?
0	welcome back to science friday dr. greene.
0	it's a massive shift in our thinking.
0	i think the two-state is more likely.
0	but i think the same stuff holds.
0	the goal was neither loot nor revolution.
0	could have been your knees shaking yes.
0	it's what farmers would call low yield.
0	hey thanks for taking my call today.
0	and you really enjoyed it i'll bet.
0	on october 29 1969 at 10:30 p.m.
0	dani levinas chairman of the museum's board.
0	what do you think thoughts on that?
0	as you said that remote computer crashed.
0	and email didn't come in until 1972.
0	i thought that was kind of odd.
0	i don't want teachers to have guns.
0	we'll be right back after this break.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	they're kind of all over the place.
0	and these are calibrated scientific instruments trained.
0	it wasn't even on the radar screen.
0	the family settled in san antonio texas.
0	they then refined the images in postproduction.
0	well voters were just desperate for change.
0	anyway yukio hatoyama is 62 years old.
0	let me answer your question this way.
0	this company already makes a hand-held device.
0	thanks for having me on the show.
0	i think it really is the handwriting.
0	are either of you familiar with that?
0	we've actually observed them through the centuries.
0	hey will great puzzle thanks a lot.
0	next week on talk of the nation.
0	nice of you to be with us.
0	the moment i had was roasting it.
0	okay we'll have to end it there.
0	well rob this is a perfect opportunity.
0	thanks very much for being with us.
0	so i would love to see that.
0	and that should be on our mind.
0	how are you going to de-traumatize them?
0	i've been around it my whole life.
0	may i ask how old you are?
0	no that made kym a self-nurturing person.
0	you know we have so many barriers.
0	but why do navel oranges have navels?
0	home prices the median now is 175,000.
0	we won't be here to see it.
0	farmer jennifer euwer employs about 50 people.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	thanks very much for the call jennifer.
0	hunter thanks very much for the call.
0	the sexual humor part was quite funny.
0	it's wintertime no leaves on the trees.
0	but it's way more complicated than that.
0	hello we've come to see the toilet.
0	but under a new system he says?
0	and before that at wusf in tampa.
0	and you've got to be extremely persistent.
0	nathan thanks so much for joining us.
0	you go through everything in this book.
0	shifted marxist analysis away from economic departments.
0	she's laughing and having fun with it.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	obviously probably not everyone reacts the same.
0	thanks very much for the call rosie.
0	then puts it over a low flame.
0	well we'll see if that holds true.
0	it's one thing to talk about capacity.
0	london is the world's busiest international airport.
0	i could be in europe right now.
0	and that includes frotman and his office.
0	to whom mr. allen's now married yeah.
0	why would they lose   consciousness so quickly?
0	thanks very much for your time today.
0	should i explain why you mentioned crisco?
0	this round we actually implanted three embryos.
0	eventually the soviets commuted the death sentences.
0	everybody knew it was going to happen.
0	okay that's a good place to start.
0	many studies of new drugs simply languish.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	and go in and break those contracts.
0	these issue ads are called electioneering communications.
0	and obviously this is a terrible tragedy.
0	the film is currently in theaters nationwide.
0	but go ahead michael it's your turn.
0	what allowed him to be that person?
0	they have a very polished brand name.
0	you can kill people run them over.
0	you trust who told it to you.
0	so he writes internet to the rescue.
0	so there are people who are interested.
0	i hope things dry out there soon.
0	this was made over 17 years ago.
0	aaron's records give his height as 6-feet-even.
0	the number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	and in montana democrats can win statewide.
0	and let me tell you this fact.
0	tonight he'll give a primetime press conference.
0	i have a question for the ambassador.
0	our number here in washington is 800-989-8255.
0	well talk about adding insult to injury.
0	look we know that music has math.
0	he is a personal friend of mine.
0	and i said okay what's level two?
0	from npr news it's all things considered.
0	npr's business news starts with a shakeup.
0	two great candidates they put out positions.
0	apparently i've brought in the wrong schedule.
0	i asked luis moreno ocampo these questions.
0	yeah well he certainly did take umbrage.
0	the first post-cyclone rice crop is in.
0	because she's a newcomer she got nothing.
0	it's made for a very smooth transition.
0	we're also joined by dr. eric conway.
0	it's a pleasure to be here really.
0	on one corner a tan nothing-special building.
0	that truly did not turn out right.
0	and another one mississippi folks can write.
0	and i said why aren't you excited?
0	yeah this is a camp in bangladesh.
0	he said what and quit show business?
0	all right everybody check under your seats.
0	one is what you've just said here.
0	it sounds like a layer of mulch.
0	newer spacecrafts have taken a different approach.
0	my pleasure to be with you michel.
0	well it's wonderful to be here ira.
0	let me ask howard about that first.
0	it's not so simple anymore being elderly.
0	i reported it immediately to law enforcement.
0	the high school principal didn't believe me.
0	rising interest rates make homes less affordable.
0	i was young and in a hurry.
0	another brother's wife comes to say goodnight.
0	that was a great show of solidarities.
0	but she's also not a clinton fan.
0	benny austin owns a car repair shop.
0	a lace-trimmed floral sheet is the door.
0	we might not recognize it as pizza.
0	rocketship has three charters around san jose.
0	is that am i correct in that?
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	i'm not going to get into that.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	it's called the hokie spirit memorial fund.
0	bill pound just a few seconds left.
0	welcome back to science friday dr. tarter.
0	we need to change the status quo.
0	it was really about being a man.
0	it still makes a lot of sense.
0	in fact i'm just getting warmed up.
0	if you'd like to join us 800-989-8255.
0	we like to call him professor ron.
0	lisa was at children's hospital in philadelphia.
0	we need to get along with them.
0	and that was the most perfect picture.
0	we know who is coming and going.
0	amy welcome to talk of the nation.
0	he's in a very tough position madeleine.
0	you know it's just no differentor earthquakes.
0	and i just try to distract myself.
0	it's like losing parts   of your life.
0	it must have been a wonderful experience.
0	let's go to westlake ohio and freddie.
0	wait why won't this food processor work?
0	here she is in a cnn debate.
0	i said i prepared for every hearing.
0	he acknowledged he was considering a run.
0	now it's come back in her liver.
0	are those violations of the nuclear deal?
0	he's so much more in the moment.
0	they are the master of the place.
0	i believe that all immorality is wrong.
0	i wouldn't have done it anything different.
0	dick costolo is the ceo of twitter.
0	tariffs on steel will mcmaster be nixed?
0	my question was i'm an avid hiker.
0	the drawing or the writing falls flat.
0	you ask some very very fundamental questions.
0	the spirit here is justit's so happy.
0	cecil and roger feel the same way.
0	he came here to attend a meeting.
0	well they could very well do that.
0	and america happens to be my client.
0	and those hollers are full of water.
0	six million people follow her youtube channel.
0	an email from david in goodyear arizona.
0	totally see the look on his face.
0	i don't   know what they might be.
0	so he understands those kind of dynamics.
0	he held a prime-time news conference too.
0	more on how he got that later.
0	when you're not dressed nobody can recognize.
0	that is one view on pantaleo's firing.
0	evan bayh served two terms a democrat.
0	what kind of habitat do they like?
0	they don't transmit lyme disease spirochetes though.
0	they're in the same boat we are.
0	and that has also been taken out.
0	i've got i got a different approach.
0	scott horsley npr news the white house.
0	so the current situation is very bad.
0	three years back we came to power.
0	people are not done with this protest.
0	and we'd like to hear from you.
0	and so i'm not a true conservative.
0	so fortunately folks backed off on that.
0	and i practiced law in real life.
0	no no. i don't believe in that.
0	we'll try and keep good vibes going.
0	the theme of aspiration chance and destiny.
0	that's teacher sister demah r. s. bee.
0	he really when he means a brothel.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	but kent chipman says it wasn't easy.
0	sam brasch of colorado public radio reports.
0	you have to look at the slashws.
0	it has nothing to do with philosophy.
0	it's a clinical trial an open-label trial.
0	for me this was the biggest surprise.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	he told his family he loved them.
0	i say they should rock the service.
0	i'm a huge fan of your show.
0	our last game was detroit at tennessee.
0	he finished school $65,000 in the hole.
0	take the singular name of another animal.
0	there's about 280,000 mostly somali refugees here.
0	joanna kakissis npr news the west bank.
0	old ladies don't get stopped and frisked.
0	how is the administration dealing with that?
0	susan davis npr congressional correspondent joins us.
0	were you a loser in high school?
0	below 400 is the real trouble spot.
0	right now we're a conglomeration of suburbs.
0	what did you have to say jeff?
0	yes sir thanks for taking my call.
0	they are both about death or life.
0	it's hidden tucked away behind the levees.
0	i really don't know where to start.
0	now it's an old weathered pine stump.
0	she's here in our new york studios.
0	let's go to a call now here.
0	no no. we have experienced hurricanes before.
0	and she had tears in her eyes.
0	they send you links to bitcoin tutorials.
0	did president trump try to obstruct justice?
0	and the jet strayed into syrian airspace.
0	madelyn payne dunham was 86 years old.
0	we may not always agree with them.
0	well i liked it quite a bit.
0	pepsi has stakes in two different brands.
0	you can browse from store to store.
0	you've been listening in on our discussion.
0	what's the best way to find them?
0	kmart has offered layaway for many years.
0	tax revenues is what you're talking about.
0	i love your show by the way.
0	ylan that brings up an interesting point.
0	first i like to agree with debra.
0	but you do bring up elaine brown.
0	why does the game keep losing audience?
0	you're not in high school you know.
0	well i think conservatives in general are.
0	you saw it in all the pictures.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	retailers we want to hear from you.
0	we can be a little bit upscale.
0	those concerns don't seem to affect you.
0	the hunter-voter husband lost and stayed home.
0	he's with the pro-brexit u.k. independence party.
0	she sewed she cooked she loved crafts.
0	and let's get phil on the line.
0	no no no. i said o eight.
0	and there is still slashing harvey says.
0	his christian faith had deepened throughout college.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	now is wandering around in the streets.
0	is this strange for you to watch?
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	i felt like i had a weapon.
0	thank you very much for having me.
0	we're the oldest oyster company in america.
0	you got to take care of yourself.
0	can you tell me more about that?
0	you know rock stars get room keys.
0	thanks so much for joining us andrea.
0	we'd like to hear from you too.
0	the magazine was nothing if not controversial.
0	fingers are being pointed in every direction.
0	retreating would hurt the local economy too.
0	alan simpson why don't you go first?
0	sarah thanks very much for the call.
0	you know and just think about it.
0	of course he said knock it off.
0	these abstracted questions don't generate distinguishing answers.
0	certainly no indication from what he's done.
0	she luxuriates in bed until 6:30 a.m.
0	the reverend james posey is pastor there.
0	i guess i just three quick points.
0	and thank you for this great topic.
0	you know david i don't think so.
0	so it was quite an interesting time.
0	tony thanks very much for the call.
0	we have ridden amtrak for 30 years.
0	you want to hear the whole thing?
0	but what does this mean going forward?
0	they didn't smile when they said this.
0	they've written a book of their own.
0	this is caressa caressa calling from cincinnati.
0	i have but it's been a while.
0	and that led to some interesting developments.
0	anthony thanks very much for the call.
0	thank you that was excellent appreciate it.
0	you talked about those light rail crossings.
0	bodies were piling up in the streets.
0	so you know something is going on.
0	the totn summer movie awards   will continue.
0	yesterday california governor jerry brown hit back.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	but i got i lucked out actually.
0	thanks very much for the call barbara.
0	well and he was also suffering terribly.
0	red 13 red 13 ready set hut.
0	nice to have you with us today.
0	oh hands seem to be too tied.
0	tell me how the classes came about?
0	tom with us from clover in wisconsin.
0	there's no such thing as registered independent.
0	they just went ahead and did it.
0	there are other dictators around the world.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	oh i think we lost ben there.
0	which country is better at the game?
0	what do you make of this resignation?
0	the spanish government didn't recognize the results.
0	no no. it'd be quite a demotion.
0	just click on talk of the nation.
0	but the hotel wouldn't return her money.
0	that's when money was the number one.
0	we received more than 2,000 correct entries.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	thornton's target is 10,000 over three years.
0	he's scared whenever he sees the police.
0	ina thanks for being back with us.
0	i just wanted a quiet peaceful meal.
0	do we know why it's doing this?
0	thank you very much for your time.
0	i knew that under very difficult situation.
0	she joined us from her home there.
0	and thank you for this excellent show.
0	dan ackerman a senior editor at cnet.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	riaz the analyst says it's not that.
0	better radio coordination between ground and air.
0	i think some context is probably important.
0	you know we don't know that either.
0	more generally self-awareness is a remarkably-rare quality.
0	she leads the office of special counsel.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	they were like a collector's item there.
0	i mean surely we're the richest nation.
0	by god we're going to have it.
0	i believe it's from like 1996 maybe?
0	exxonmobil as a possible secretary of state.
0	almost all of them live in egypt.
0	the tribe has released a workout dvd.
0	for now you have to pay rent.
0	iran still has a nuclear program right?
0	he's with the national iranian american council.
0	no. there's a lot more to it.
0	nice that there's some silver lining here.
0	so that's not what we're talking about.
0	please welcome toshiyuki nakagaki and atsushi tero.
0	the battery comes off in a flash.
0	getting married would actually undo those contracts.
0	that's what makes us different from him.
0	he joins us here in studio 3-a.
0	her daughter will still receive religious instruction.
0	well good to be with you   lynn.
0	jeremy thanks very much for the call.
0	we know that the controls did something.
0	rooney was equally influential with the league.
0	i met carla craig on main street.
0	some naked some being threatened by dogs.
0	oh you know i fly a lot.
0	dyson says whitaker's been seduced by cosby.
0	for npr i'm kirk carapezza in boston.
0	clarissa welcome to talk of the nation.
0	we wanted to be woodward or bernstein.
0	that's a nine followed by 18 zeroes.
0	and he said well i just left.
0	they could suspend the syrian refugee program.
0	we also know there are known unknowns.
0	we're still operating 19th century healthcare systems.
0	sorry gina where did i defend farrakhan?
0	tom can you explain what we're doing?
0	i don't know how they do it.
0	rich losick it's time for some music.
0	npr's anthony kuhn thank you very much.
0	but in high school who knows that?
0	i am really interested in this discussion.
0	there were no airstrikes for a time.
0	i want to see their new strategy.
0	and that really is your permanent record.
0	you have to do something called wiping.
0	so he was always a business guy.
0	she helped him you know stay strong.
0	they were doing it the other way.
0	francisco thanks very much for the call.
0	look we want the president-elect to succeed.
0	my brother always looked up to me.
0	cristina rodriguez teaches at yale law school.
0	let's go to m.j. in scottsdale arizona.
0	he's chairman of the senate finance committee.
0	yeah i think thisi may have misspoken.
0	there's only one way to find out.
0	and we're trying to   figure out why.
0	jeff thanks for explaining it to us.
0	the man reached for mr. kamberis's wallet.
0	it's empowered a different kind of class.
0	barbara poppe is a prominent national expert.
0	you know i was 12 years old.
0	can i come here like every day?
0	but i think all microorganisms are neglected.
0	do you know louis armstrong i asked?
0	can i just mention one other thing?
0	i devoted my life to helping women.
0	yes it's raised a lot of eyebrows.
0	americans are ideological conservatives but operational liberals.
0	what do you want to do today?
0	bershan's answers are flat his face deadpan.
0	this is a program for low-income women.
0	i'm a music teacher in concord massachusetts.
0	people would drink the blood of gladiators.
0	he had great personality he had charisma.
0	she is desperate to please regina george.
0	i've really enjoyed being with these characters.
0	i was talking to charles heine yesterday.
0	let's change for a moment to chrysler.
0	there is no time limit on murder.
0	what is the prosecutor say about this?
0	is there going to be a four?
0	the round they say traveled you know.
0	he'd done what he came to do.
0	everyone lives on his own little island.
0	last month china blocked shipments to japan.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	prime minister benjamin netanyahu blasted the agreement.
0	another eight people are in the hospital.
0	and so i really focused on that.
0	those were the headlines on our program.
0	the races for 2010 are already starting.
0	he's so removed from all of this.
0	but they tend to be word people.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	suzanne thanks very much for the call.
0	and if so how did it work?
0	and the first big step happened recently.
0	we want to hear about your city.
0	yet the drama is far from over.
0	and again speed is not the object.
0	it was indeed a very touch-and-go thing.
0	i don't think anyone can be prepared.
0	here's npr national political correspondent mara liasson.
0	you said you own your own catalog.
0	but that wasn't how it played out.
0	what are we hearing from the parents?
0	clearly whatever we're doing now isn't working.
0	things look great in the short term.
0	now it's time for all tech considered.
0	she uses a walker to get around.
0	let's listen to some of that now.
0	tomorrow more on egypt and the protests.
0	he'd been writing a lot about that.
0	laura pullion was one of the organizers.
0	now the school is exporting its know-how.
0	john thank you for speaking with us.
0	and anya give us a little background.
0	i can't see him going beyond florida.
0	because new york of course everybody's proud.
0	so it's not you know all boys.
0	i'm sorry 18 18 cents 18 cents.
0	he runs a business in san diego.
0	yeah it's like bar mitzvahs graduations sinkholes.
0	i'm sure glad rock-'n'-roll escaped that fate.
0	maybe your success would not be translatable.
0	oh you're welcome and again merry christmas.
0	oh because the market is creating them.
0	oh he wrote just a fabulous book.
0	thanks so much for talking with us.
0	he's been suspended indefinitely by the nfl.
0	jack joins us from nantucket in massachusetts.
0	and they short stock in huge numbers.
0	thanks very much for the phone call.
0	acapulco scratch that one off the list.
0	professor kidd welcome to day to day.
0	you were playing for the philadelphia flyers.
0	leila fadel npr news najran saudi arabia.
0	think of it as an airborne fortress.
0	so i think that's important to note.
0	so that would be a visible victory.
0	dennis thanks very much for the call.
0	i have relatives i have friends there.
0	richard boucher was at the state department.
0	i spent a millennium with gwen ifill.
0	and you know brothers are you know.
0	npr's scott horsley at the white house.
0	we are against those spheres of influence.
0	both sides filed out without a word.
0	and they can be done in culture.
0	abdul thanks very much for the call.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	please send them to us through npr.
0	yeah that was another very interesting moment.
0	it does not have mexico and canada.
0	walgreen denies that it discriminated against anyone.
0	i don't think we should be panicked.
0	i mean we have been to mosques.
0	let's go to walter in fairway kansas.
0	we were actually part of the team.
0	they were at the table writing papers.
0	brian maroney is a caltrans chief engineer.
0	this is hardly existing in a vacuum.
0	billy shinault has served three combat tours.
0	what is that vocabulary do you think?
0	after all spin is basically propaganda distortion.
0	you know that's a very scottish expression.
0	help us understand your culture and traditions.
0	there are paths that can be followed.
0	alan teaches writing at george mason university.
0	that's rights activist and journalist mahvish ahmad.
0	by 2002 all five adoptions were final.
0	well i'd argue two points on that.
0	and it ended at a different place.
0	the iraqi people are very resilient people.
0	the white house also welcomed the decision.
0	i was thinking about public school teachers.
0	go ahead   julianne real quick for me.
0	when they were released congressman foley resigned.
0	they don't make the kids act out.
0	it's appalling that it wasn't dealt with.
0	i can't advise you what to do.
0	it starts with a set of actions.
0	but the price may be a backlash.
0	they don't even have water and electricity.
0	on one level it is obvious steve.
0	so they didn't see harold washington coming.
0	they are in violation of the law.
0	after patco mccartin says those inhibitions disappeared.
0	npr's corey flintoff joining us from moscow.
0	i don't know if he's got to.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	so how'd you pick your route here?
0	none has been captured or killed yet.
0	as for david daniel's plight jaffe says.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	is that the focus of this meeting?
0	it was the year of hurricane katrina.
0	it becomes worse and worse and worse.
0	thanks so much for being with us.
0	he said giuliani got a late start.
0	ok i should have said attorneys general.
0	it just makes a lot of sense.
0	so that ultimately will be their decision.
0	the naacp plans to protest the gala.
0	they don't understand that i'm in love.
0	lately my blinders started to come off.
0	in florida iguanas are an invasive pest.
0	the sexual revolution was in full bloom.
0	here's npr's legal affairs correspondent nina totenberg.
0	almost 150 170 thousand pounds of cargo.
0	so you know it sounds so science-fictiony.
0	can you play hardball at this point?
0	but i think served with daniel webster.
0	but they're not trying to harm anyone.
0	well because i think they are conservatives.
0	it is produced by american public media.
0	thanks for sharing your time with us.
0	what did you talk about on friday?
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	this isn't even an issue of feminism.
0	neither took into account   what actually happened.
0	npr's gregory feifer has more from moscow.
0	he's gary brolsma aka numa numa guy.
0	do you know the numa numa guy?
0	each year he raises about 23,000 pigs.
0	they have seen that three years ago.
0	the acronym means country bluegrass and blues.
0	well tess taylor thank you so much.
0	merrill vargo is head of springboard schools.
0	we've recorded it it's been about 130.
0	and now you can decorate it see.
0	and i think that includes secondary sanctions.
0	it is not it's just too much.
0	kabba thanks very much for the call.
0	we need to put it into practice.
0	the year before that it was 29.
0	i mean there's a huge question right?
0	you're the guys that need the oil.
0	howard witt what's going on with idaho?
0	and that extends to any news story.
0	and political junkie's coming up later too.
0	i live here for 10 years now.
0	how much have interest rates moved lately?
0	the chinese are great about their food.
0	for me it was carole king first.
0	and i think that's a good thing.
0	the stories are told in cartoon form.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	and so i think that you're right.
0	and that obviously raises the stakes here.
0	the headless woman it read still alive.
0	and we want to hear from you.
0	but they're holding this meeting in jordan.
0	so she reached out to the department.
0	and that's sort of the rub here.
0	yet he leaves office well under siege.
0	what happens if you're a repeat offender?
0	we know you haven't been following it.
0	it's really one of the paradoxes here.
0	they're always trying to cut social security.
0	so call his office and encourage him.
0	what is the impact of that move?
0	anything wrong with this in your mind?
0	mayor ras baraka of newark new jersey.
0	you're invisible and nobody cares about you.
0	and finally one understands what's going on.
0	that's very kind my dear brother tom.
0	i mean we have lots of bills.
0	but that's not just a massachusetts problem.
0	the guard may not have known her.
0	not a baseless fear it sounds like.
0	when does telecommuting work and why 800-989-8255.
0	what's the point of these carry-on regulations?
0	trump condemned violent extremism in all forms.
0	he says users typically don't read disclosures.
0	weinstein says i'm going to do it.
0	cohen says trump never expected to win.
0	that's again a common story among immigrants.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	are you working for a multinational corporation?
0	there is a crane on the right.
0	well it's justin fairfax the lieutenant governor.
0	it's a completely different class of objects.
0	you can also tweet us or comment.
0	it can be done by cell phone.
0	it certainly could escalate the situation further.
0	and so we need to work together.
0	in many cases they're running for president.
0	did you   look for any of that?
0	people say that's such a nice guy.
0	in other words there will be chaos.
0	so joining me now is derrick pitts.
0	you know people are praying for you.
0	why is he focusing on that section?
0	so that's when the town went black.
0	it's a category it's not a genre.
0	we want to level the playing field.
0	and we continue to see that happening.
0	they give you a lot of chicken.
0	that's something that we don't know yet.
0	what that's a very novel choice reese.
0	he's here with us in studio 3a.
0	good to have you with us today.
0	and there are so many   interesting features.
0	so you might give that a try.
0	so that's what i got to say.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	he's called into question our nato alliance.
0	so the economy has expanded a lot.
0	is that what the economists say too?
0	problem was this made liberians super skeptical.
0	do you always put on work clothes?
0	so expect a grand negotiation this fall.
0	he was a champion for reproductive rights.
0	so that sounds like a good idea.
0	it's almost always about good versus evil.
0	he is seen as an independent mind.
0	let's get callers involved in this conversation.
0	let me begin with you dr. bakun.
0	we've got that's one reason national defense.
0	that is npr congressional reporter kelsey snell.
0	government minders accompany journalists to most destinations.
0	brian updyke's confusion is far from uncommon.
0	if you're under 30 it's not recommended.
0	well if somebody starts a dry-cleaning business.
0	and the sky is apparently the limit.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	now libya sells oil to the west.
0	i would say a couple of things.
0	i mean basically they are relentless predators.
0	and that's the end of robert johnson.
0	there's a bunch crazy people out there.
0	dewees always has his weapon with him.
0	maybe they've got accents that annoy passengers.
0	well of course this is no accident.
0	well ok flash-forward she has a kid.
0	lyle a quick question for the doctor?
0	most republican texans want fewer legal immigrants.
0	i want you to talk about that.
0	is that the main reform that's needed?
0	that's deliberate say those who know him.
0	sometimes it's just the stress of traveling.
0	but that's where the good news stopped.
0	then khulud badawi got unexpected bad news.
0	finally remit catch of rochester new york.
0	and there's one other thing about him.
0	and it just make me work harder.
0	and i visited this place called espack.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	you are less likely to sign on.
0	they're made out of dna and rna.
0	from npr news this is weekend edition.
0	our troops in iraq have fought bravely.
0	but the general's political enemies are divided.
0	he's got an interview with charles barkley.
0	do you know how to do that?
0	again these are small little incremental gains.
0	let's keep that one on the table.
0	that's   about 1 percent of senegal's population.
0	but on npr yesterday she said this.
0	both the wisers are u.s. army captains.
0	and they feel caught in the middle.
0	and these days we have lyonel trouillot.
0	and you know i can't exaggerate it.
0	the slang usage goes back to 1856.
0	do you think that's a fair assessment?
0	well will meet nita and play away.
0	jean blacksheer   lives just up the street.
0	no well not on a regular basis.
0	there was sort of a tacit agreement.
0	first of all look back a little.
0	i think this guy really has it.
0	colombia has mayoral elections later this month.
0	the first time i think it's $175.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	president clinton was really good to me.
0	charles thanks very much for the call.
0	there's a lot of that out there.
0	how did you get involved in this?
0	president trump said this through a spokesperson.
0	no he isn't in the short term.
0	palestinians don't give him credit   for it.
0	it's a big part of our identity.
0	a bum's rush might be another description.
0	i mean it's got a broad application.
0	something could have come from it yeah.
0	they may just cut those people loose.
0	this time without war and military might.
0	the supreme was his word for god.
0	an impeachment process will divide us further.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	does she want them to learn spanish?
0	it was a very american rambunctious setting.
0	patrisse cullors called the gathering a testament.
0	they sort of do but not quite.
0	any ideas what you're going to do?
0	let's go to martin in oakland california.
0	and i'm lulu garcia-navarro in miami fla.
0	and so they will be strong again.
0	chris thanks very much and good luck.
0	raven thanks very much for the call.
0	it's set up to continue in perpetuity.
0	is it you know are you bitter?
0	i don't even know who i am.
0	chris paul is truly a great player.
0	so this sounds like a used-car sales?
0	we've got them on the house side.
0	i would like to make a comment.
0	and you know we haven't started yet.
0	how do you protect yourself from that?
0	lord knows they made my show possible.
0	jasmine because this is pakistan's national flower.
0	a relationship where you're very much equals.
0	you know well today they're on facebook.
0	it is complex for people to comprehend.
0	they want to see themselves in there.
0	still i can't imagine doing anything else.
0	and i just started picking it apart.
0	but she's adamant when she tells me.
0	in fact it's used to make tofu.
0	not all of washington dc is dangerous.
0	sophidea we don't know much about it.
0	and that's what we're getting out of.
0	it's a live take in the studio.
0	nice to have you on the program.
0	i don't hold anything against my parents.
0	what can you tell us about that?
0	it's tuesday and time for your comments.
0	and it is a moment of celebration.
0	phil calls us from springville in utah.
0	you don't need a warehouse for it.
0	it was suddenly a much darker vision.
0	medgar evers was just 37 years old.
0	but lugar is not a bomb thrower.
0	but they do have a different side.
0	you know somebody wins and somebody loses.
0	and those jobs start to pile up.
0	he's a unique candidate in american history.
0	will ferrell and zach galifianakis in the.
0	even now this early in the year?
0	you've got the department of public advocacy.
0	yes michele this is how it starts.
0	and if that happens find an alternative.
0	let me ask you this mr. murray.
0	so he said well sing with me.
0	he apparently had a fairly stable upbringing.
0	and i don't think we're doing that.
0	i know you're trying to be fair.
0	jordan rau joins us in our studio.
0	your car insurance rates should go up.
0	i drive a truck for a living.
0	they expect a better quality of life.
0	the guggenheim will go for about $40.
0	on this morning traffic is moving briskly.
0	her daughter was in new albany twice.
0	it's time for women to take charge.
0	that's what some sources are telling us.
0	so joan how'd you figure it out?
0	that's the hospital that owns the facility.
0	trail left by a snail and grin.
0	do not overlook your schools and universities.
0	so they see this as long overdue.
0	also people are really worried about crime.
0	that's the one we probably care about.
0	because they published their addresses as well.
0	i met lee before the opening ceremony.
0	no i'm kidding but it's been frustrating.
0	from npr news it's day to day.
0	sometimes it does and sometimes it doesn't.
0	a couple of people cried out loud.
0	punks find their way to dori's stand.
0	and we paid a price for that.
0	you can read all about at npr.
0	and then there's connecticut independent joe lieberman.
0	and david kato tell us about him.
0	she joins us here in studio 3a.
0	that was the rite of passage for.
0	they're ready to they're ready for anything.
0	she's here to talk more about it.
0	you got stuff wrapped around   your shoe.
0	so far boeing has delivered 50 787s.
0	torture has been   used in various contexts.
0	elected leaders make decisions of enormous consequence.
0	jonetta what's your take on the expectations?
0	i know that can't be easy either.
0	from member station whqr catherine welch reports.
0	but they elected not to do that.
0	jim ruland is a los angeles writer.
0	amazingly he's kept who he is intact.
0	and that's it on the republican side.
0	glenn what do you have to say?
0	and that's i think the important word.
0	i mean it's the same racial stereotyping.
0	dr. hunt interesting work going on there.
0	and to see how busy it is.
0	i'm doing this because my dignity this.
0	there's nothing you can do about it.
0	oh we don't get stickers here either.
0	in fact well grace's hardly instantly transformed.
0	sunnis have generally not thought that way.
0	this does not matter to the nfl.
0	he was on a recent espn telecast.
0	captain todd duncan is echo   company's commander.
0	she served as pauline's secretary her scribe.
0	what's going on with these brussels sprouts?
0	this means developers aren't getting cash upfront.
0	is that what you're still   working on?
0	and that's a new thing for people.
0	and that's what happened with halley's comet.
0	janitorial services were not up to snuff.
0	and you know how difficult that is.
0	and matthew continetti of the weekly standard.
0	ohio catholics favored barack obama in 2008.
0	some windows in his car were broken.
0	where did the policeman find this tape?
0	there's a mild breeze but nothing   severe.
0	here's joey palacios of texas public radio.
0	and he posted them on his wall.
0	and there are a couple of options.
0	i do fail on ground rules but.
0	and this guy was living in there.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	and it lets people swim with it.
0	he's been doing it for 40 years.
0	have you seen something like this before?
0	she takes a long time before answering.
0	i wouldn't be mad at them though.
0	it ought to be a parental strategy.
0	major european banks then could be undermined.
0	this is alex and he's my first.
0	which really is inadequate as a response.
0	or ugh this will never work out.
0	people thought clemens was a huge bust.
0	so it's deep deep in my life.
0	michael harrison is publisher of talkers magazine.
0	the second hour i had to talk.
0	andrew andrew calling us from denver colorado.
0	steve thanks so much for the call.
0	we apologize for not getting to everybody.
0	it's actually a very nice updated ranch.
0	we have to go to a break.
0	tell us about her and her role.
0	is he lowering expectations on purpose here?
0	he had a sensational appetite for them.
0	he's not a guy who had cable.
0	j. duross o'bryan is a forensic accountant.
0	and she didnt ask who they were.
0	this is not an open mic night.
0	so i just assumed that it was.
0	but naomi campbell simply accepted that assumption.
0	musgrove is running as a conservative democrat.
0	and what about the dodgers' manny ramirez?
0	that's the start of a movie perhaps.
0	it's all things considered from npr news.
0	now that was not a just action.
0	wgbh's lydia emmanouilidou went to check in.
0	both governments have a lot at stake.
0	nothing to disagree with there i'm afraid.
0	well i want look back to this.
0	and the record went on this phonograph.
0	why not make that a national mission?
0	no one else thought it was possible.
0	i didn't care what the role was.
0	npr's julie mccarthy is in islamabad pakistan.
0	tom is calling from maplewood in minnesota.
0	brian doesn't really suffer from visual hallucinations.
0	lisa with us from jonesboro in arkansas.
0	thanks very much for the call len.
0	this is in new york and harlem.
0	secretary arne duncan the secretary of education.
0	i'm a blood banker at a hospital.
0	so why do you think that is?
0	other experts say the findings are disturbing.
0	from minnesota public radio jeff   horwich reports.
0	i will not reveal which times however.
0	everything is just going back and forth.
0	thank you so much for joining us.
0	now we wish good luck to you.
0	you know measures of volatility were down.
0	states know best about their particular forests.
0	let's hear a little bit of that.
0	john reznikoff joins us from fairfield connecticut.
0	it brought heavy snow to the appalachians.
0	elly yu of npr member station wamu.
0	because they have some time to prepare.
0	and that was really important to her.
0	i mean important language there as well.
0	for npr news i'm jeff st. clair.
0	we've seen a lot of that lately.
0	cosgrove talks about the shifting ohio economy.
0	i understand there was more investigations today.
0	it requires a lot of hard work.
0	you know what it means you know.
0	our biggest cheerleader is mayor oscar goodman.
0	i was hurt and i was dazed.
0	and he's followed substantially by rudy giuliani.
0	for npr news this is toni messina.
0	it's not played to start the game.
0	gary england master meteorologist of oklahoma city.
0	i'll stay in tampa after law school.
0	did he ever give you any tips?
0	we are connected and very much alike.
0	and i'm very involved in the community.
0	that's what they had at the time.
0	so we'll see how far we go.
0	so that's what they are focused on.
0	and we'll come back when it's over.
0	e.j. who is less unpopular maybe this.
0	actually i'm sitting at a rest stop.
0	his unit got assigned near sadr city.
0	do you ever solicit from famous people?
0	this week we're examining some of them.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	two weeks ago 65 had been killed.
0	you were going for the big money.
0	so i'm excited to read your book.
0	for dwight eisenhower it was his passion.
0	so what do you want to play?
0	he's sports editor at the nation magazine.
0	that will be in april of 2015.
0	i'll never forget one of our missions.
0	have you looked at that at all?
0	so we're talking about improving people's environment.
0	there is no comeback and never was.
0	thanks very much for talking with us.
0	thanks for having me on the air.
0	she says the more words the better.
0	we'll hear his story in a moment.
0	brazilians are choosing a president on sunday.
0	and she mentioned the betty white ad.
0	what do you love about it still?
0	i did not go to film school.
0	the problem is that's just for now.
0	this is weekend edition from npr news.
0	it's a little bit mystical and strange.
0	e.v. tait junior heads evt educational productions.
0	now i live out on a farm.
0	it's like make up your mind buddy.
0	that includes hbo cnn and warner bros.
0	so it's a balancing act for him.
0	in other words there's no escape hatch.
0	and i remember i didn't really understand.
0	five minutes to judge and be judged.
0	joshua with us from utica new york.
0	everybody knows that you need a playoff.
0	and heres an email that we have.
0	thank you very much for joining us.
0	there are two of them in there.
0	and they made criminal life a career.
0	and we're financially invested in the area.
0	reef uh-huh material that's in a reef.
0	you just change them on the   bed.
0	this is a show and tell here.
0	that will   be really a last resort.
0	and then michigan if both should lose.
0	and after that he really became antagonistic.
0	and there's not a lot of communication.
0	always good to be with you steve.
0	sarah thanks very much for the call.
0	thanks so much for speaking with us.
0	bill rice has our story from cleveland.
0	sit under that tree as in jena.
0	vicky thanks so much for your call.
0	that's about $200 which he didn't have.
0	this is morning edition from npr news.
0	all that was really not the case.
0	she's had cancer it's not minimal cancer.
0	but saudi money is fueling canadian jobs.
0	let's get another caller on the line.
0	i'm thinking man this guy just died.
0	try to frown less and smile more.
0	claudia welcome to talk of the nation.
0	each hand is about six feet long.
0	so on economic terms it's totally trivial.
0	did you hear the last caller melissa?
0	first of all is it even possible?
0	yo jared your sister is all right.
0	he's against what he calls gender ideology.
0	it amounted to $10 million in losses.
0	but those cases could be handled differently.
0	so we get dust here in miami.
0	it documents thousands of cases of torture.
0	but he's spot on with his comment.
0	the departure center signs are now gone.
0	now europe is a relatively rich continent.
0	they extract dna from an animal's hair.
0	in the internet it's very very hard.
0	good to have you with us tom.
1	helper-component proteinase ( hc-pro) is an enzyme.
1	meurig ap hywel or ap ithel ?
1	is science fiction just tabloid futurism ?
1	organist of st. michael's church worcester ?
1	but i say to you in ?
1	the designated mourner (by wallace shawn) (2013).
1	christopher wiehl (born) is an american actor.
1	the new york times (february 22 1885).
1	transactional analysis in psychotherapy 1961 (1986 reprint:).
1	it has a population of (as of).
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	no motive for the shootings is known.
1	mastered at cbs studios (new york ny).
1	he scored 76 in his only innings.
1	the nearest railway stations is at rishikesh.
1	agnes married berthold iv duke of merania.
1	he also went to prison six times.
1	it was reprinted by urlink in 2020.
1	the family vacationed there for four decades.
1	the pfaff factory was expanded and modernized.
1	cardwell was born at blackburn in lancashire.
1	it is an autobiography with fictional elements.
1	the jaghjagh river flows through both cities.
1	he was buried in arlington national cemetery.
1	the shell contains about 6 convex whorls.
1	thunderstorms are infrequent occurring only during summer.
1	he was released on august 31 2019.
1	r. g. d. forward (75566) (acting) rafvr.
1	the teacher ignores the student's poor attainment.
1	then both of them broke into conversation.
1	many frogs become active in the spring.
1	he started 12th and finished in fifth.
1	its ohio senator is republican tim schaffer.
1	ferrier co-wrote the script with kelly lefever.
1	there were 130 employees and 42 volunteers.
1	in 2001 black purchased the honolulu star-bulletin.
1	it was a piece of utter stupidity.
1	the album was announced in september 2012.
1	he had 21 career runs batted in.
1	the church is built in red sandstone.
1	named after ananke a moon of jupiter.
1	permits are required to visit the pass.
1	for kasliwal inspiration was all around him.
1	vicki casey and lizzie's cousin from toronto.
1	torreneules is a mountain of catalonia spain.
1	the repositories can be downloaded after registration.
1	some remained in service in the 1930s.
1	it is known from tamil nadu india.
1	roswall wins but flees before being recognized.
1	the elevation difference is only 190 meters.
1	thirty seconds to mars received the kerrang!
1	mrs dora eisenberg of new south wales.
1	balance can be done in two ways.
1	the population was 101 as of 2010.
1	martyrs dasius and maron by the sword.
1	the facility closed on january 31 2011.
1	in 1988 tobin founded pc flowers inc.
1	maude hazard north and south abc 1985.
1	karachi is the entertainment hub of pakistan.
1	student sports include volleyball cricket and shuttle.
1	stones can be captured in two ways.
1	the character is portrayed by montserrat lombard.
1	he remained a senator until his death.
1	her family moved to moscow in 1932.
1	two-thirds of farmers receive no direct payments.
1	about 40 families live in the village.
1	but he is young hans no more.
1	banza challenges nagoya striking his sword hilt.
1	kurland was born in warsaw new york.
1	original trucks consisted of about 40 parts.
1	he competed in the 1938 empire games.
1	biographer martin gottfried characterized her as meticulous.
1	now the place has christians as majority.
1	the school building was built in 1944.
1	that includes participating in the swim meet.
1	the revamp was divided into individual projects.
1	hickey raymond and elaine vaughan (eds) 2017.
1	they are currently paid for using medisave.
1	there are chapels at penygroes and pontyglasier.
1	cswiss was founded in 1999 in austria.
1	into 1918 was spent on reconstruction work.
1	she plays rock jazz and celtic harp.
1	heathland was originally wooded with rich soil.
1	buhler and nuru sherpa suffered severe frostbite.
1	the nearest cities are biglerville bendersville arendtsville.
1	the city is populated by turkic people.
1	act i is the younger son's story.
1	defending titlist is magdalena neuner of germany.
1	it is endemic to missouri united states.
1	this seeding was released on 21 june.
1	i was paid seven thalers not eight!
1	a closed-circuit television system was also installed.
1	the book is an in-depth critical study.
1	the race was won by frans verbeeck.
1	it is the warmest region in poland.
1	wovoka opposed rebellion against the white settlers.
1	it was thereafter broken up in genoa.
1	the liner notes are by leonard feather.
1	it was likely her last recorded performance.
1	the hitler youth was structured by gender.
1	specific tea estate pages are marked te.
1	this figure appears to be inaccurate however.
1	bewitched aired at 9 pm thursday evenings.
1	globally there are 63 avonside locomotives preserved.
1	like him he lived in a hut.
1	his brief includes pensions and financial inclusion.
1	museo de bellas artes (caracas) mba caracas.
1	from 1981 gabriel dessauer conducted the choir.
1	it has a deep laterally compressed skull.
1	flowers for lisa published by abrams books.
1	barents island has no permanent human inhabitants.
1	it is now used as a school.
1	it was described by breuning in 1940.
1	it was opened by his brother anthony.
1	the royal navy captured her in 1808.
1	the film was also released in turkey.
1	bowyer has since stood by his views.
1	aurilia was born in brooklyn new york.
1	washington helped develop other schools and colleges.
1	they had two sons and one daughter.
1	he had the neglected land fortresses repaired.
1	this was known as the munich massacre.
1	after 1978 her visits abroad were short-lived.
1	he had been ailing for several years.
1	studies in the history of psychology: cvi.
1	baba vedu vari kudenga zita renyu ngarikudzwe.
1	the village pindi belongs to tehsil faridkot.
1	the cuba hurricane killed over 3,000 people.
1	devprayag is located on the rishikesh-badrinath highway.
1	ferenc left the band the same year.
1	he did run in the next election.
1	in aggregation this is not necessarily true.
1	allmusic editor david jeffries highlighted the song.
1	fur is also used to make felt.
1	this is years before his many trades.
1	she was their first complete steam locomotive.
1	it was also a quill award nominee.
1	over 200 users submitted their custom worlds.
1	we will sweep them into the sea.
1	lady jane died on 27 march 1861.
1	during the subsequent battle azimi is killed.
1	her daughter rosamund married robert twitty palmer.
1	it was released on january 17 2020.
1	his teachers included leading rabbi eliyahu dessler.
1	women in the village also weave rugs.
1	mr raymond john fitzgerald of western australia.
1	sallins also has a separate hurling club.
1	the northern lobby provides transfer to sibirskaya.
1	cowcross street is a street in london.
1	she joined the hamburg greens in 1982.
1	visitors may now also feed the giraffes.
1	the annual investment mostly ranged from us$1.
1	nefyod is very passionate about his profession.
1	this work was carried out by warren.
1	he married catharine menzies (d.1871) in 1824.
1	the top five again remained the same.
1	rotroff susan i. homer armstrong thompson 1906-2000.
1	after gehman road swabia creek enters macungie.
1	these rocks outcrop between woodgreen and redlynch.
1	she is alternatively described as mercury's helper.
1	members of both staffs occupied the times-news.
1	ademar sent his hostage back to germany.
1	it opened offices in singapore and yangon.
1	this ban ended on 12 november 2005.
1	tombs 7a and 7b are very small.
1	griffiths joined newport county in february 2013.
1	peled bream and carp have been introduced.
1	a. f. j. copson (75917) (acting) rafvr.
1	he was the father of frantz funck-brentano.
1	it was described by kriesche in 1919.
1	he joined bbc radio 1 in 1969.
1	but he's so persistent she's so lonely.
1	hickey begins to plot against the officers.
1	many other unique characters are vividly drawn.
1	it is known under the name grift.
1	x-ray showing arthrodesis of the right wrist.
1	gabriel c. spalding is an american physicist.
1	he moved to washington d.c. in 1939.
1	the nearest railway station is about distant.
1	krazy then proceeds to the dining area.
1	he grew up attending a presbyterian church.
1	k. xenura is endemic to the islands.
1	roh later visited soviet union in 1991.
1	the tadpoles are up to in length.
1	white hall is a settlement in jamaica.
1	it is widely used in open-source applications.
1	stats reflect time with the blackhawks only.
1	they hosted the 2005 fiba asia championship.
1	it was examined by j. rendel harris.
1	some controversies that surfaced during the season.
1	he also partook in three cup games.
1	this is the oldest building in lieshout.
1	mccann was born in morristown new jersey.
1	the editor-in-chief is pierre-hugues roche (aix-marseille university).
1	a member of teddy bear brigade club.
1	nowadays they belong to the historical society.
1	mio is from a wealthy elite family.
1	there was 1 individual who was islamic.
1	democrat mike clark was the democratic nominee.
1	its capital is the town of zorgho.
1	the current director is professor sunil mani.
1	gloria jane stroock is an american actress.
1	there ito studied under a master drummer.
1	their resistance drops on exposure to light.
1	he was selected eleven times by them.
1	austrian fares apply for the whole line.
1	college offers the following degrees and courses.
1	the church was first built in 1716.
1	she is now a popular fiction writer.
1	recent study however considers s. araripensis dubious.
1	inventing the organizations of the 21st century.
1	the postcode for pusar ulak is ba1411.
1	hosts include bos taurus and bubalus bubalis.
1	winross then was unique in several ways.
1	kitty is now a beautiful young woman.
1	upon the stool the king was sacred.
1	this is sovereign public density of population.
1	primarily he was engaged in limnological subjects.
1	barry thinks he can save his marriage.
1	schachtsiek still plays on the senior level.
1	general officer of the war of independence.
1	writing by candlelight london: merlin press 1980.
1	however thriftbooks does sell books on amazon.
1	humorous poet matt harvey is a resident.
1	recording began at london's diorama in 1991.
1	the company also helped popularize bridal registries.
1	it was described by felder in 1874.
1	the favorite poem 2020 by dissonance magazine.
1	pert is the current british chess champion.
1	see also celebrity appearances in doctor who.
1	calafat was declared a municipiu in 1997.
1	forns died in barcelona at age 56.
1	mirella arnhold (born 1983) brazilian alpine skier.
1	they retired from competitive skating around 1998.
1	he played three league games in total.
1	will sharpe has type two bipolar disorder.
1	at least one card must be exchanged.
1	this increased the isolation of the community.
1	did he have proper time for reporting?
1	saturn girl is included in their number.
1	he also earned second-team all pro honors.
1	tony leung once again reprises his character.
1	other essential commodities may also be sold.
1	the suture is distinct and slightly appressed.
1	events from the year 1513 in ireland.
1	simple dnts more frequently manifest generalized seizures.
1	the foundation regularly undertakes various fund-raising activities.
1	in a jealous rage nikolai kills berthine.
1	the population was 34 as of 2010.
1	it is affiliated with gujarat technological university.
1	some elements were introduced in september 2015.
1	mitchell feel like a very grown-up relationship.
1	each was a perfect old curiosity shop.
1	renovations and research continue on the complex.
1	no one else was eliminated that week.
1	adamo's attorneys appealed to the supreme court.
1	arlene foster was nominated as his replacement.
1	she changed her name to raina joshi.
1	rountree lost the fight by unanimous decision.
1	coleman was born in walton suffolk england.
1	mumanna'a bint amr of the khuza'a tribe.
1	many buses ply along the two roads.
1	it was taken from her sold-out celine.
1	these initial improvements did not last however.
1	it operates stores in minnesota and illinois.
1	saila mukherjee of congress won in 1962.
1	the dfa retains ownership of borden cheese.
1	richardson was born to a wealthy family.
1	the population was 21 as of 2010.
1	annalas da la societad retorumantscha 1886 ff.
1	then admits a system of disjoint representatives.
1	the women quickly funnel out and leave.
1	he followed klaw to the savage land.
1	the boat had a complement of forty-eight.
1	a sunday edition was added in 1996.
1	it is now the palace of fun.
1	julianne hough judge in place of goodman.
1	roy childs reviewed the book in reason.
1	she is mikan and yuzuhiko's maternal grandmother.
1	about two thousand men marched into battle.
1	cox reed valve engines are nearly indestructible.
1	pierce was born in palo alto california.
1	he is buried at hawaiian memorial park.
1	sarah hoffman was elected the first director.
1	he was later dean of st. paul's.
1	initially he learned music from his parents.
1	the selected lectotype was dannevirke new zealand.
1	he won the stanley cup in 1935.
1	the declarer leads to the first trick.
1	it contains a single species bonata septata.
1	the band reunited in 2010s for concerts.
1	in 1974 it was purchased by tocal.
1	they moved to the tri-cities in 1988.
1	the hong kong convention is a compromise.
1	the student choir was founded in 1992.
1	her teachers there included sculptor charles mulligan.
1	the largest royal tomb is tomb 34.
1	all six were placed in home quarantine.
1	fourteen riders from thirteen different nations competed.
1	sakthi went to janagaraj's home to stay.
1	it distributes shurfine products in its stores.
1	their offices are unresignable but are revocable.
1	its athletic teams are named the owls.
1	amigaos 4 is supported since march 2005.
1	australia has a persistent gender pay gap.
1	de vita et moribus sacerdotum (paris 1519).
1	events in the year 2017 in bermuda.
1	the first permanent school opened in 1910.
1	urango has toured and collaborated with mgmt.
1	again the teams were named after colours.
1	wallace later participated in the comanche wars.
1	the catalogue organized stars by spectral lines.
1	clayton kershaw claimed the award for july.
1	her maternal grandfather was from dandamukundapur puri.
1	meanwhile an-nasir yusuf was killed in captivity.
1	why has bodhi-dharma left for the east?
1	orbital manoeuvres and space station approach test.
1	it's not an issue of human rights.
1	roy gerson is an american jazz pianist.
1	a few services also operated from gatwick.
1	wartisch died in wolfratshausen at age 75.
1	the transaction amount was 215 million euros.
1	cairns has numerous primary and secondary schools.
1	singer by peter flannery beer sheva theater.
1	it commonly inhabits rainforest and suburban areas.
1	he left that position in march 2016.
1	in 2016 lockwood retired from the nrc.
1	now they are on the eucharistic committee.
1	it was a national book award finalist.
1	later that day he shared his recipe.
1	mikveh by hadar galron beit lessin theater.
1	mappot were exclusively used in eastern france.
1	sri lanka later won the test match.
1	this station was known as mercury 101.7.
1	poverty prevented the children from attending school.
1	such an appearance was bc (towing boats).
1	it grows on exposed rocky coastal headlands.
1	she is later killed by bhima's men.
1	he died in 1990 in montreal quebec.
1	it is owned by news corp australia.
1	he also maintains an active appellate practice.
1	the film is divided into five days.
1	the population was 43 as of 2010.
1	evans is the co-author of several books.
1	it is a non-forcing bid by definition.
1	the michaux state forest surrounds the village.
1	it was discovered in 1985 in germany.
1	it prefers habitats with patches of vallisneria.
1	for services to the community in bournemouth.
1	she is the daughter of kathryn moore.
1	its natural habitat is tropical lowland forests.
1	they live amongst pebbles in the surf-zone.
1	these services go via chadlington and spelsbury.
1	dos 610 series sheet w 61 54.
1	killing a policeman was punishable by death.
1	however some jars also hold medicinal plants.
1	for services to holocaust education and awareness.
1	in 2021 the workshop was hosted virtually.
1	changing rooms were built in late 2016.
1	normally used in reference to rubber bridge.
1	the population was 12 as of 2010.
1	it lies on the big blue river.
1	events in the year 2022 in switzerland.
1	he succumbed to the disease in 2001.
1	twentieth century techniques disturb thirteenth century society.
1	moved to mouth of white river ark.
1	the party was divided into two groups.
1	he was re-employed after the war however.
1	tobacco production in asia: impact of who-fctc.
1	country life 4. maidstone uk: photoworks 2000.
1	clint aiken is editing the portadown times.
1	bbc studios handles distribution for the series.
1	this marine species occurs off southwest australia.
1	the ordinary house of love salmon pub.
1	greet was born in ceylon in 1932.
1	the population was 8 as of 2010.
1	no extra clean room requirements are needed.
1	in february 1990 of snow were recorded.
1	while enrolled he joined phi kappa sigma.
1	aeschines and demades had no such excuse.
1	revolt and faction threatened in athens itself.
1	prior was married to actress mabel trunnelle.
1	her hospital tours continued into the 1950s.
1	the series has been popular in japan.
1	the current service tax is at 15%.
1	walsh left brazil on 4 may 1829.
1	the population was 22 as of 2010.
1	anti-aircraft railcars were used to protect convoys.
1	colombia tolima figurina pendente oro i-vii secolo.
1	students are expected to attend classes regularly.
1	after five successful seasons of la voz.
1	mod support was added in august 2021.
1	its body is slightly elongated and compact.
1	the population was 15 as of 2010.
1	stork continued with 36 eg until mid-1942.
1	coxey organized a second march in 1914.
1	shchelokov was later tried on corruption charges.
1	it was in use up until 1986.
1	the city is approximately southeast of jaipur.
1	fincher was born in spring place georgia.
1	post of vidalia district of natchez miss.
1	travel time to stortinget is 22 minutes.
1	he also opposed reform in chemical naming.
1	athens won the naval battle of arginusae.
1	ferdinand died in naples in january 1825.
1	ed white middle school in huntsville alabama.
1	dongbang clan was born in jinan china.
1	there are two different pathways for fellowship.
1	the race was considered to be close.
1	it was released on 23 august 2011.
1	liang xi mei directed by jack neo.
1	the marines are put into the attack.
1	both were chosen to minimize ratio parts.
1	in 2019 the village had 970 residents.
1	palo pinto is located at (32.769149 98.300766).
1	the crusader army attacked across the danube.
1	aonchotheca forresteri is a small narrow-bodied worm.
1	she was miss canada international in 1998.
1	lenta then registered its trademark in 1994.
1	the movement was finally repressed in blood.
1	he was born in shimen county hubei.
1	the population was 3 as of 2010.
1	the championship has a straight knock-out format.
1	taft was born in leicester in 1926.
1	wssv 1160 am in mechanicville new york.
1	the company is headquartered in augsburg germany.
1	meldin victor thomas lately sergeant leicestershire police.
1	day one starts off with a briefing.
1	nicolas ortiz is known for sculptural pieces.
1	he also possessed great speed and precision.
1	cheriyo darling is set in a hotel.
1	the film was directed by toshio masuda.
1	dan europe figure follow a similar trend.
1	mary margaret stein is an american actress.
1	stephen rayland temporary chief superintendent sussex police.
1	wright and robinson were the named players.
1	other drawbacks are the simple trigger mechanism.
1	the plot is divided into 6 parts.
1	that was the mindset behind the gong.
1	jordan parts were obtained from outside vendors.
1	after christianshavn the line splits in two.
1	he is married and has two children.
1	dynamo were protesting to play in sumy.
1	federal district court north carolina middle district.
1	among the original tv characters were mr.
1	she was baptised on 14 june 1913.
1	this means so much to hendrick motorsports.
1	river research and application 23 (8): 924-932.
1	if the key winds down zennosuke dies.
1	it was merged with agelista in 2017.
1	in 1923 he was elected school director.
1	so you want to be a judge?
1	that's4 the8 way4 the8 mo-8 ney8 goes,4.
1	all races were over a 2000-metre course.
1	dual nationality was often a prized attribute.
1	she makes installations films drawings and sculptures.
1	spasticity is measured with the ashworth scale.
1	maloye pozharovo is the nearest rural locality.
1	hakko-ryu is governed in an autocratic nature.
1	in december 2009 thomas signed for hendon.
1	myrmecia queenslandica is an australian ant species.
1	mako tsunami in the list of yu-gi-oh!
1	hunting has been outlawed since around 1916.
1	in 1957 her family emigrated to brazil.
1	in july 2017 the construction works continued.
1	besides davis re-signed with the taoyuan leopards.
1	some trains terminate at stations marked ''.
1	island of ireland peace park messines belgium.
1	starkie's evidence led to the death penalty.
1	journey time to glasgow is 6 minutes.
1	the god always helps and protects uluru.
1	differences for other electron levels also exist.
1	garnet lake is located within the community.
1	the building is a triple-aisled brick church.
1	in 2011 only 2,500 tonnes were reported.
1	kelly marie miller is an american academic.
1	in 1955 robinson returned to the ring.
1	hamersley flung his royal aircraft factory se.
1	changchun international automobile park east ring road.
1	rachel julie swann chief constable derbyshire constabulary.
1	rahman was born on 9 december 1965.
1	jorge rico has served as sous chef.
1	the song's lyrics discuss self-perception and identity.
1	the seasons were therefore removed from expressmedia.
1	the population was 23 as of 2010.
1	the film released on 23 november 2018.
1	while they're in the boom of youth?
1	yoshimasa was the son of shiba takatsune.
1	the pipestone sundance becomes an annual event.
1	the toes may have some rudimentary webbing.
1	his famous motto was unbought and unbossed.
1	in 1824 waterloo was renamed 'hms bellerophon'.
1	the c b alexander presbyterian agricultural college.
1	the pedestrian toll was ended in 1960.
1	in 1991 he appeared in 16 games.
1	december 15: a day's pleasure two reels.
1	hapoel kiryat malakhi had 2 points deducted.
1	september 17: jaap vegter receives the stripschapprijs.
1	she won 23 avenue bowls club titles.
1	dexter tells her that it's okay then.
1	robocoaster ltd does not market this product.
1	it is mainly a cargo exporting facility.
1	in 1985 he appeared in 16 games.
1	raju raghavan wrote lyrics for the songs.
1	british rococo tended to be more restrained.
1	his partner was two-time champion cheryl burke.
1	according to butler the picture caught on.
1	it uses puppets animated in stop motion.
1	journalist pralhad keshav atre called him loknete.
1	successful candidates are marked with an asterisk.
1	methods of teaching village christians to read.
1	barks is a native of chattanooga tennessee.
1	the school is now a private residence.
1	oscoda county is part of northern michigan.
1	he was waived on august 29 2022.
1	the habitat of polypodium hydriforme is freshwater.
1	in sap gui it enters block-select mode.
1	his father maxmilian owned a dye factory.
1	he is married and has two children.
1	the game generated $500 million in revenue.
1	safra yishun country club is officially opened.
1	accordingly the constitutional supervision committee was created.
1	it became a trading center for ranchers.
1	they are working long hours for us.
1	the japanese have accepted our terms fully!
1	confusion reigned as he was ordered off.
1	web site for coverage of other manufacturers.
1	engine was an american progressive metal band.
1	claridade published essays poems and short stories.
1	the population was 159 as of 2018.
1	it may just be a nonsensical phrase.
1	same-sex marriage guidelines were published in 1997.
1	the spartans also installed a new government.
1	he was replaced by now-party whip askin.
1	in 1997 she starred in sarafina 2.
1	he completed his intermediate certificate in 1921.
1	the course hosted steeplechases and flat races.
1	he was educated in bologna and vienna.
1	production resumed in the chelsea piers studio.
1	dowie has two sons oliver and william.
1	the incident then awakens his blood power.
1	it was published by harpercollins in 2011.
1	it is located approximately south of varnsdorf.
1	the head coach was ellery huntington sr.
1	mendes also appeared in some television series.
1	in september 2011 he retired to oxfordshire.
1	it stars bessie love and charles spere.
1	a representative assembly was authorized in 1776.
1	this alliance came apart after harald's death.
1	ap does not release post-ncaa tournament rankings.
1	daniel auber la muette de portici (luisa).
1	utah then and now westcliffe publishers 2000.
1	this species reaches a length of tl.
1	he assures her that he will stay.
1	coming back sagar sees her motorcade going.
1	at club level he played with youghal.
1	lawrence and mars came from musical families.
1	this is increasingly becoming a global issue.
1	adriani heerboordii disputationum de concursu examen 1660.
1	there were also many residential sites here.
1	these improvements were to finish in 2016.
1	the boston revolt and leisler's rebellion occurs.
1	they also planted fruit trees and flowers.
1	england becomes the largest trafficker in slaves.
1	lipsky retired from the imf in 2011.
1	shorter burrows are dug as hiding places.
1	he trained at vss kalev in tartu.
1	one of the liquidators was the accountant.
1	the province covered an area of 79,686.
1	in september 2008 daywind released ephesians one.
1	all tracks produced by joachim hans wolf.
1	cascara honey is tasty but slightly laxative.
1	azure damselfly (coenagrion puella) female green form.
1	kirton has also published in several journals.
1	such systems divert thrust via fluid effects.
1	the school opened on august 14 1967.
1	this rare disease is known as spiruridiasis.
1	bellerophon was descended from the nymph orseis.
1	promoting transit-oriented development walking cycling mixed-use development.
1	this genus is endemic to mainland australia.
1	malcolm graham's body has never been found.
1	the interior has retained its basic organization.
1	leacock grew up in long lake minnesota.
1	section 3 deals with misprision of treason.
1	it was produced by martin and coulter.
1	she was succeeded by republican ryan fazio.
1	he quit the show during week 3.
1	johannes indermaur was made ammann in 1719.
1	their disagreements were often improvised and comedic.
1	private thomas docherty king's own scottish borderers.
1	it started broadcasting on november 16 2005.
1	one person was hospitalized due to bradycardia.
1	also collect water-lilies to beautify the forest.
1	the movie was released in november 2021.
1	she is married and has four children.
1	it is endemic to the cook islands.
1	supervision of students who completed 62 phds.
1	have unratified treaties reviewed by the senate.
1	all members write original compositions and sing.
1	columbia's center for digital research and scholarship.
1	provides transportation services for naval activities onshore.
1	the film premiered on november 15 2008.
1	it is included in the subgenus empis.
1	penderry does not have a community council.
1	jose beloso restored the church in 1884.
1	atul kulkarni called it ship of theseus.
1	they are ribbed with 5 vertical ribbings.
1	in mexico its common name is arlomo.
1	the commission was established in march 1946.
1	nile rodgers producer for chic organization ltd.
1	water-soluble nom is composed of organic acids.
1	the most common side-effect is skin irritation.
1	he left parliament on 7 may 2019.
1	the college's patron is queen elizabeth ii.
1	the botox injections tend to be painful.
1	colossal orchards require interspersed planting of pollenizers.
1	dovey was a keen rugby league player.
1	he was a knight of the garter.
1	kelson was born in sevenoaks in 1835.
1	the track listing was confirmed by amazon.
1	new model dwellings block lane dudley (1854).
1	for services to sport and the community.
1	it is repeated around every half minute.
1	no impact was reported in the bahamas.
1	research plot 2 located near centennial ave.
1	department the white house withdrew his nomination.
1	sri finally closed its doors in 2015.
1	contact sensitization is increased especially with formalin.
1	she lost the bout via unanimous decision.
1	these two designs shared the same boiler.
1	this work received acm's gordon bell prize.
1	these then merge to form peripheral nerves.
1	the belfry measures and reaches in height.
1	this was typically standard procedure for meisner.
1	ebrey patricia buckley and walthall anne history.
1	ferrin was pronounced dead at the hospital.
1	he was born in red banks mississippi.
1	may 26 was a largely peaceful day.
1	austria finished the matchday in seventh place.
1	one hour of the present and future.
1	they currently compete in the liga 3.
1	austria finished the matchday in seventh place.
1	the track was released as a single.
1	the gentry class was divided into groups.
1	route 146 can be seen under construction.
1	the primaries were held on august 2.
1	austria finished the matchday in seventh place.
1	piola's style was fully matured by 1670.
1	the film was completed in april 2009.
1	he earned 50 caps scoring one goal.
1	the date of his death is uncertain.
1	otherwise particles would arrive together with immigrants.
1	los reyes achieved city status in 1977.
1	it is available for streaming on netflix.
1	she retired from the organisation in 1996.
1	experimental products were an american electronic group.
1	the population was 748 as of 2010.
1	however another disagreement occurred between the two.
1	events in the year 2018 in yemen.
1	the government handled this situation very badly.
1	built at a cost of approximately s$1.
1	he did not seek re-election in 2020.
1	it has been translated into different languages.
1	the flowers measure about a millimeter long.
1	every july the tanabata matsuri is held.
1	in may 2011 construction crews broke ground.
1	he is currently an ibm master inventor.
1	he was buried at dunedin northern cemetery.
1	his songs are mainly the humorous type.
1	the current operator of inchgower is diageo.
1	unprecedented funding for energy efficiency and weatherization.
1	idabc was succeeded by the isa program.
1	carin levine is an american classical flautist.
1	this earned them the label folk metal.
1	her other works such as to like?
1	the main road is state highway 15.
1	hardoi is the westernmost district of awadh.
1	for the role of lalita nautiyal a.k.
1	with nowhere to go tripathi commits suicide.
1	the oic launched cadip in august 2007.
1	let us be permanent apprentices of life.
1	neurophysiological origins such as temporal lobe epilepsy.
1	in luke 1 its text is defective.
1	he signed for chemnitz until summer 2016.
1	the population was 38 as of 2002.
1	events in the year 1977 in norway.
1	firstly misleading advertising is a criminal offence.
1	in 1982 the torneks moved to pasadena.
1	she has two brothers and one sister.
1	checkmate is a 2008 marathi-language thriller film.
1	won in-jae is seo dal-mi's older sister.
1	she founded the republican and socialist left.
1	come here and i'll tell you something.
1	it was described by melzer in 1935.
1	was the promise sufficiently definite and certain?
1	billy crawford returns as the main host.
1	then he walks her to her train.
1	provide federal protection for offenses against indians.
1	because what should you do only laugh.
1	her father used to mistreat her mother.
1	many people don't know my native land.
1	the park offers hiking and scenic vistas.
1	almost everyone belongs to a pension fund.
1	oatmeal is a common breakfast in ireland.
1	cortv holds virtual channel 9 throughout oaxaca.
1	denson-low grew up in st. albans queens.
1	his daughter was the actress cindy yang.
1	they got married on 5 april 1981.
1	zhang's ancestral home in wudi county shandong.
1	prosieben maxx (germany since 3 september 2013).
1	the roof is clad in asphalt shingling.
1	flexen underwent tommy john surgery in 2014.
1	we believe that gentile times have ended.
1	goober was distinctively attired for the show.
1	the population was 764 as of 2010.
1	we just get each other really well.
1	it is related to breton gouren wrestling.
1	scotty holt is an american jazz bassist.
1	each option has a corresponding hand signal.
1	in may 1947 flight leader lt. cmdr.
1	it was described by gestro in 1876.
1	interference occurs frequently in such a zone.
1	it is similar to ogiri and douchi.
1	this deal was completed in january 2008.
1	the squadron returned home on 6 november.
1	the population was 646 as of 2013.
1	john mcphee irons in the fire (1998).
1	on october 13 tauchman elected free agency.
1	there are 26 installments in the series.
1	he nevertheless remained associated with the king.
1	there are several items and several agents.
1	his former students include david o. brink.
1	notable geologist instructors included william r. muehlberger.
1	the village has a population of 259.
1	i just find it a bit bombastic.
1	he received the centenary medal in 2001.
1	peru also has an equally diverse flora.
1	the prepatent period is about 51 days.
1	in 2011 he moved to liaoning whowin.
1	the fragments are chiefly preserved in athenaeus.
1	the original yiayia was his mother pauline.
1	weill abruptly dismissed plumeri in august 1994.
1	this species was endemic to oahu hawaii.
1	regular washing down of the housing system.
1	she was educated at presentation convent youghal.
1	in 1921 it became a year-round school.
1	he was also appointed a king's counsel.
1	serum albumin is widely distributed in mammals.
1	nanoflake has been discovered in the center.
1	the adults are normally observed in pairs.
1	permission was finally granted on 25 august.
1	c.j. marcum one of the main narrators.
1	musallam founded the christian-islamic forum of gaza.
1	eiffeliidae is an extinct family of sponges.
1	it is endemic to papua new guinea.
1	females are generally lighter than most males.
1	organized session council for anthropology and reproduction.
1	it remained so until the mid-18th century.
1	ernie freeman arranged and conducted the orchestra.
1	he was waived on august 23 2022.
1	kenyon was recorded as kenien in 1212.
1	the tympanum is moderately distinct to indistinct.
1	rasmussen and virenque were only 50 ahead.
1	the women wore a fez-shaped basket hat.
1	games can be viewed through the milb.
1	the recreation hall has expanded obstacle courses.
1	glyceraldehyde is a structural isomer of dihydroxyacetone.
1	wodoslawsky was born in sydney nova scotia.
1	ariel was born in tel aviv israel.
1	saskya sacasa was reina de quevedo 2016.
1	the road was shaded by tall trees.
1	joe johnston was born in waterloo iowa.
1	she became an indian citizen in 1976.
1	parnell's war record was especially considered exceptional.
1	the game finished in a goalless draw.
1	days are up to 16 hours long.
1	the film premiered on april 24 2015.
1	there were 336 males and 345 females.
1	irinjalakuda has several hospitals and health clinics.
1	addanki assembly comes under bapatla parliament constituency.
1	the type of copy was not specified.
1	this is a reassignment of a callsign.
1	his cap number for england is 244.
1	this was arguably the breakthrough for delirious?
1	we have all got to get arrested.
1	in december 2012 he settled in haarlem.
1	the couple never legally adopted either child.
1	does the world hate the united states?
1	the department is providing brachytherapy facility also.
1	treatment concerns for gay male sex addicts.
1	keller has not raced in nascar since.
1	they throw her out of the house.
1	he captained the side a year later.
1	operations in eastern kentucky march 28-april 16.
1	all of these have been successfully completed.
1	both sides were now ready for war.
1	mark marimen james a willis troy taylor.
1	the tsuen wan pier is located here.
1	his music has been described as 'afro-hop'.
1	it was purchased and expanded in 2005.
1	each episode is approximately 2 minutes long.
1	the singles were a moderate commercial success.
1	liana ruppert of game informer described 15.
1	but pba is neurological depression is psychological.
1	on 10 october both sides clashed again.
1	it is right after the trade deadline.
1	bold denotes pole position for second race.
1	the inscription is written in tamil script.
1	foreign players were barred for this season.
1	got real loose kind of shuffled out.
1	the village has a population of 68.
1	all components of wgs84 are regularly updated.
1	he rose to the rank of lieutenant.
1	he left the association in january 1975.
1	he was a merchant and grain dealer.
1	it is considered an advancement of strips.
1	it performed better in other european countries.
1	first it is very humorous and comedic.
1	to masdc as bm0143 18 june 2002.
1	no details of hoy's education are known.
1	for services to arts and the community.
1	it also comes under kanpur metropolitan area.
1	he made no other appearances for ashdod.
1	only her i like best of all.
1	the album was released in november 1972.
1	drying is usually performed under a vacuum.
1	about 1180 is found munkelen moneclene monkeslane.
1	tristam coined the binomial name charmosyna margarethae.
1	he won the butler medal in 1919.
1	the film has received mostly negative reviews.
1	leiden the netherlands boston: brill sense 2019.
1	sowmya hospital is the only hospital here.
1	kemp was the first to graduate bsc.
1	crying cockles and mussels alive all alive!
1	it is fatal unless treated by insulin.
1	then martha moved to the ajax academy.
1	tracks 10 14 taken from the cult.
1	it contains pine mountain state resort park.
1	its use has been attested in amsterdam.
1	sungkyunkwan university project manager ck solar co.
1	the 525i was only sold in europe.
1	most of the settlers chose the latter.
1	there are exceptions to this general rule.
1	the facial features are made of clay.
1	his early works were almost entirely apolitical.
1	d. and michael r. lerner m.d. ph.
1	it averages smaller than most nominate buzzards.
1	it was established on 15 september 1970.
1	the gmc syclone also appeared that year.
1	a warranty may be express or implied.
1	lauris strautmanis is a latvian sport shooter.
1	skirmish at division creek north of independence.
1	he later joined the new york knicks.
1	redman was born in fort worth texas.
1	books die within six months don't they?
1	mr peter stewart jenkins of western australia.
1	the scientific method only acknowledges monophasic consciousness.
1	he got the spanish nationality in 2012.
1	alnwick castle reached madras on 15 june.
1	wife the virginia quarterly review spring 2002.
1	pgcps previously operated college park elementary school.
1	the surprise was successful confusing the cacos.
1	later an electric tram network was created.
1	at the june 14 tapings of impact!
1	it is generally considered a valid subspecies.
1	philip too in turn is equally discrete.
1	train continues its journey on main line.
1	it is a vagrant to new zealand.
1	however he was released after ten months.
1	college park is located at (38.996560 76.927509).
1	for the second annual black girls rock!
1	the poea apprehends numerous illegal recruiters regularly.
1	there is little known about his life.
1	deceased wife's sister evening standard april 1953.
1	juvenile fish may have some light cross-bands.
1	the tour proved to be a success.
1	it also affects the skein hash function.
1	it is on display in room 40.
1	there is a stage at first-floor level.
1	the population was 26 as of 2010.
1	its foraging behavior has not been described.
1	it was only sold in some markets.
1	he died in his home in 1965.
1	all credits adapted from the original release.
1	she was later cleared of the offense.
1	recognized as state private university by ugc.
1	this item is assessed as archaeologically rare.
1	article ten sets the date of operation.
1	black majesty on the 2007 album tomorrowland.
1	he went to high school in riga.
1	there was three districts in the province.
1	dene are spread through a wide region.
1	he drove in a league-leading 129 runs.
1	he established international legal and trade consultants.
1	urine spraying is also a territorial marking.
1	murder in reverse evening standard december 1952.
1	the length of track was in 1922.
1	she has authored more than 75 publications.
1	it is owned by mount telemark properties.
1	her family came from stratford east london.
1	popov is married and has two children.
1	he may have been born in france.
1	he has not abandoned his art training.
1	more recent estimates place completion in mid-2018.
1	ben runs for his life fearing capture.
1	each had a crew of 20 soldiers.
1	larry the loafer also made an appearance.
1	each lasts an average of nine months.
1	is it an accident or a murder?
1	pralay talukdar of cpi(m) won in 1969.
1	the list of games released in 1998.
1	the ostinato still plays beneath it all.
1	was muss man von der freimauerei wissen?
1	this area is also on higher ground.
1	the generic name has three possible etymologies.
1	downbursts are particularly strong downdrafts from thunderstorms.
1	it was redesignated on 25 june 1992.
1	he later bought parts of adjoining ranchos.
1	it was not their war at all.
1	gage worked for the maxwell stamp inc.
1	it was released on 26 june 1985.
1	he then attended furman university in greenville.
1	before this the town had no library.
1	your opinions are those of a child.
1	he plays for fc leningradets leningrad oblast.
1	they call these transformations: generalized moller-wu-lee transformations.
1	alexandra daddario as may an aspiring singer.
1	mary married clement chicheley of wimpole cambridgeshire.
1	he married miss pagenham of tooting surrey.
1	similar compounds include the thiogallates and selenostannates.
1	his exploit will be ignored and forgotten.
1	he died in 2006 at naxxar malta.
1	the charge of plagiarism stung freud especially.
1	he lost the fight via unanimous decision.
1	simu broke world racewalking records several times.
1	he is not listed by ibn hisham.
1	it is dedicated to studies in biology.
1	they are linked to current information occasions.
1	illinois state police also operate in chicago.
1	they left their mark chiefly in theology.
1	eritrea declines saying troops must leave border.
1	king of the castle by eugene mccabe.
1	white oak swamp and glendale june 30.
1	there is a lamp over the doorway.
1	he initially wrote in several tamil magazines.
1	sarojaninagar block covers an area of 30,526.
1	kolkata kumartuli is well-known for clay mask.
1	he was a candidate for technical science.
1	access is not permitted without special permission.
1	bulgaria had joined the war against serbia.
1	garman first described ogcocephalus porrectus in 1899.
1	the anal fin is small and elongate.
1	his eyes are closed his features relaxed.
1	fragments only remain of the other horseman.
1	she is the daughter of an ambassador.
1	r. s. p. boby (15157) (acting) rafvr.
1	he retained this position under anthony eden.
1	the grain when split resembles red lentils.
1	guadeloupe is placed for second consecutive year.
1	sublet j. bibliographie de georges vajda (1908-1981).
1	however he could not play many matches.
1	it is also opposed to illegal immigration.
1	director milcho manchevski is a real original.
1	allied forces liberated athens from german occupation.
1	it was released on april 11 2018.
1	it was broadcast throughout the omaha area.
1	however these writings are disorganized and self-contradictory.
1	the first brine bath started in 1827.
1	used as a noun or a verb.
1	it was described by druce in 1909.
1	he is the archenemy of dudley do-right.
1	that's what's so extraordinary about the book.
1	they are much less comfortable with movements.
1	in dalton's absence coulby chaired these meetings.
1	ninety-nine percent of students complete primary education.
1	this film was distributed by columbia pictures.
1	it remained in 3rd guards until june.
1	they are found in the indo-pacific region.
1	he continued to act in the provinces.
1	their diets consisted of coarse plant material.
1	the base system integrates with its modules.
1	it is in the monotypic genus cyanolanius.
1	kannada is the major language spoken here.
1	mcclain has been a vegan since 2017.
1	wales' largest metal dragon is in newport.
1	first ascent (named for his daughter alana).
1	each miss results in a time penalty.
1	uno sguardo senza soggezione arte milan 2014.
1	they also planned to tour in 2007.
1	he is the father of four children.
1	in 1989 they had one son drew.
1	recently a university has been established there.
1	fanya s. montalvo and caxton c. foster.
1	it has a runway which is long.
1	the game's camera system received mixed reception.
1	this cabinet was led by barend biesheuvel.
1	the non-divisional units suffered even greater reductions.
1	a street in the town of olivos.
1	products often become more valuable with age.
1	the couple was survived by a son.
1	the australian youth climate coalition and 350.
1	the match was subsequently awarded to ucc.
1	carey captained the xi on 19 occasions.
1	they are capable of doing special warfare.
1	takei married dancer-choreographer lazuro brezer in 1980.
1	the village received internet connection in 2019.
1	new york new york oxford university press.
1	in these operations they were completely succeed.
1	it was described by gounelle in 1911.
1	the grains are prolate striate and tricolpate.
1	for further information see problem of induction.
1	an-an is a passionate taiwanese aborigine princess.
1	both proposals were approved by wide margins.
1	they cross into the town of lewisboro.
1	paeaki kokohu is a tongan olympic hurdler.
1	austria finished the matchday in seventh place.
1	he was a gentleman usher by 1509.
1	this connected to trackage on duquesne way.
1	in 1992 it became a mechanized division.
1	he also discovered numerous compounds including ethanol.
1	messelastur is a genus of messelasturid bird.
1	he was survived by his wife olena.
1	dhahran has the headquarters of saudi aramco.
1	the crater is in the argyre quadrangle.
1	successful candidates are marked with an asterisk.
1	washout's remains were taken by mister sinister.
1	a man dies in the ensuing panic.
1	take the ferry from gateway to mandwa.
1	his primary duty was training the goalkeepers.
1	voters repealed that system in november 1960.
1	its eventual us gross was $40.3 million.
1	strength is also somewhat dependent upon altitude.
1	fort peachtree was built here in 1812.
1	so watching it unfold is not easy.
1	sitting members are shown in bold text.
1	ament was an outspoken champion of newsreels.
1	she was advised by michael anthony arbib.
1	this interaction produces a large brief pulse.
1	in 1835 their owner ambrose smith died.
1	their diet includes green vegetation and grains.
1	the governor is elected alongside a vice-governor.
1	nizhnyaya ivolga is the nearest rural locality.
1	she coined the term cancer patient sidekick.
1	janine's hurt but also nonchalant about it.
1	jan schouten led the party's parliamentary party.
1	variarteriviruses have a positive-sense single-stranded rna genome.
1	this species can be found in peru.
1	he dongdong vice-president sany heavy industries co.
1	he signed for stourbridge in august 2022.
1	hussein later emigrated to the united kingdom.
1	his queens built buddhist viharas and monasteries.
1	campana's loan period was also ended prematurely.
1	roosevelt entered office with enormous political capital.
1	we can't blame china for substandard vaccines.
1	it is serviced by six sunbus routes.
1	p. c. w. disney (70183) (acting) rafo.
1	he is played by sterling k. brown.
1	in 1995 he was a guggenheim fellow.
1	the number of students is about 6,000.
1	the yeast v-atpase is the best characterized.
1	he married twice more during this time.
1	he won with 59.8% of the vote.
1	i could have used a better term.
1	for service to the community of eildon.
1	this was his final win of 2019.
1	it was released on april 19 2006.
1	vom leben am anderen ende der welt.
1	both considered themselves legal heirs to harthacnut.
1	a thorough reconstruction began in october 2017.
1	this is dylan at his most romantic.
1	he became an international referee in 1953.
1	all those on the outside i guess.
1	it was initiated by some local dignitaries.
1	critical reviews of the album were mixed.
1	the entire militia was killed or captured.
1	first appraisal well was drilled in 2011.
1	these were incorporated into the final design.
1	she was also known for being softhearted.
1	the competition was won by frank forster.
1	however several conflicts erupted between the two.
1	he was buried in kurnaul (now karnal).
1	franco battiato italian singer composer and songwriter.
1	it is absent from the mediterranean islands.
1	his primary hobby is attending metal concerts.
1	meng left canada on 24 september 2021.
1	the raiders head coach was scott wiley.
1	theresa and madonna halls are all-male halls.
1	planning is also related to decision theory.
1	larvae have been reared on smilax tamnoides.
1	it is assumed the captain is unbalanced.
1	there were no children from this marriage.
1	on-board generated electricity is 220 v ac.
1	this consisted of waltz tango and quickstep.
1	it is found in bolivia and peru.
1	flower color can vary across the varieties.
1	his first political hero was jackie robinson.
1	however she recovered and returned in 2011.
1	the conflict ended in burmese tactical failure.
1	the salicornia species are small annual herbs.
1	he was a nephew of nikolaus gjelsvik.
1	he was captured by lava men later.
1	whitmer resigned and separated from the church.
1	il balletto di bronzo italian rock group.
1	their second daughter was born in 2015.
1	the shotgun formation can offer certain advantages.
1	wie die deutschen sich ihre zukunft vorstellen.
1	he eventually escaped on 15 june 1781.
1	in about 35-65% of cases arthritis occurs.
1	i'm going to tell you about that.
1	labor also won government in the election.
1	it is under the control of bapex.
1	her personal best jump remained 3.80 metres.
1	twenty-nine percent were victims of physical violence.
1	in 1934 he married teacher aase hermansen.
1	he now enjoyed a little comparative rest.
1	calima animal-headed figure pendant met dt11629 (cropped).
1	it was described by sauber in 1899.
1	all are members of the republican party.
1	this procedure is known as solid-state crystallization.
1	hyperparathyroidism and malignancy are the predominant causes.
1	shortly afterwards it is called sura k'uchu.
1	it was released in 1993 on 4ad.
1	little information is available on the series.
1	the award has been given since 1956.
1	it was described by fisher in 1934.
1	it was carved by a tyrolean carver.
1	the cctld is developing rapidly under self-regulation.
1	the zone has about ten commercial cities.
1	the next general election is in 2024.
1	altogether the west morava receives 85 tributaries.
1	the film released on 31 may 2017.
1	the first coal mine opened in 1927.
1	when riding fakie the term is reversed.
1	the tribune has a circulation of 8,813.
1	the mineral has a layered micaceous structure.
1	in 2012 he toured in the ladykillers.
1	the villages were administratively merged in 1955.
1	the most recent bishop was john mcareavey.
1	events in the year 1900 in japan.
1	it was the pope's last public appearance.
1	it was described by gemminger in 1873.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	he is fluent in french and german.
1	wcog-fm galeton 100.7 fm with 7,700 watts.
1	he died in 1971 in east berlin.
1	in autumn the shrub sports rose hips.
1	dr. davard duvall is a marine biologist.
1	it services grades preschool through eighth grade.
1	avers has an unemployment rate of 1.56%.
1	lake islands may form a lake archipelago.
1	algeria is a net importer of food.
1	the compulsory dance was the austrian waltz.
1	aae is a member of the ncsssmst.
1	for services to local government in aspull.
1	in 1921 factory-made radios were very expensive.
1	pentastomida of the german limnological sunda expedition.
1	an orca recognized a feeling of hunger.
1	he was released on july 27 2021.
1	cliff robertson in return to earth (1976).
1	since 2021 this has been andrew hillier.
1	to his disappointment he was only second.
1	he holds both turkish and switzerland passports.
1	every uniformly smooth banach space is reflexive.
1	a goal from dalglish secured the championship.
1	wcin bath 88.3 fm with 250 watts.
1	the ganguly's learn that mini was poisoned.
1	the afglsc consists of three subordinate units.
1	yeoman played wayne rigsby in the mentalist.
1	mitchell assumed office on january 3 2017.
1	tiendalli is married and has three children.
1	te hiakai was shot in the battle.
1	it has complex contents and full marginalia.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	instead he chose to withdraw to nyborg.
1	the first submarines were propelled by humans.
1	he was educated at kensington grammar school.
1	kundoormala is located in thalassery kerala india.
1	the event was held in tolmezzo italy.
1	he played college football at penn state.
1	it is found in asia and europe.
1	beet and wheat are cultivated as well.
1	kamehameha v ascended the throne in 1863.
1	it is the only american township statewide.
1	this is calculated according to male persons.
1	severe symptoms include arrhythmias seizures or tetany.
1	joseph michaels was an american soccer player.
1	cyc1 belongs to the cytochrome c family.
1	he retained his position as foreign minister.
1	claustrophobia has only three main speaking roles.
1	toroidal polyhedron with faces with 2 holes3.
1	nevertheless it was a huge financial success.
1	thirumoozhikkulam lakshmana perumal temple is situated here.
1	john halkett baddeley foreign and commonwealth office.
1	both taoist priests and priestesses performed rituals.
1	also featured was birds of prey center.
1	he is the president of the association.
1	the pelaco brothers disbanded in late 1975.
1	burger checked every draft of the screenplay.
1	taylor caroline o' reilly emma-louise (september 1988).
1	both have proved successful in attracting visitors.
1	city (milton keynes) (second quarterly edition): 34.
1	it was described by viette in 1952.
1	it quickly became the village's largest employer.
1	austria is also somewhat cheaper than switzerland.
1	the concrete chapel was built in 1973.
1	gabrielle christian as grace bella's irresponsible sister.
1	providence city hall opens on november 14.
1	a post office was re-established in 1949.
1	the station is adjacent to hamoshava stadium.
1	like some modern salamanders karaurids were neotenic.
1	they deploy defense mechanisms to achieve this.
1	the current parliamentary chairman is stephen crabb.
1	a second edition was published in 2012.
1	rapidan campaign may 17 to june 15.
1	the waimea establishment was a huge one.
1	these vulnerabilities leave applications open to exploitation.
1	by 2014 box had made five acquisitions.
1	the film received mixed reviews from critics.
1	according to sheet music published at musicnotes.
1	the by-product of the reaction is ammonia.
1	he had 500 agents on three continents.
1	one was killed and another seriously injured.
1	its official name has been long forgotten.
1	okumiya masatake jiro horikoshi and martin caidin.
1	he was in fact uninterested in germany.
1	bengt a. robertson was a swedish physician.
1	the ellipsoid fruits measure up to long.
1	the first definition of optoinjection is uncontroversial.
1	he attended tettenhall college in wolverhampton staffordshire.
1	the restoration project began in august 2019.
1	she has stated she is a feminist.
1	butterworth owned a farm on the mt.
1	a nerve block may be another option.
1	in one tradition she bore seven children.
1	kyle larson spun and slammed the wall.
1	george iii thanked gonville for these actions.
1	voting is done by peer judging panels.
1	they had two daughters elizabeth and miranda.
1	the west division won the game 6-5.
1	tapton hall in 1817 was a farm-house.
1	axon was awarded a posthumous george cross.
1	this condition is called bilateral perisylvian polymicrogyria.
1	dna-templated transcription is the method of transcription.
1	several methods are used for killing lobsters.
1	rydell robert and carolyn kinder carr eds.
1	at approximately noon a car bomb exploded.
1	wingate had already dropped it to $20,000.
1	the infanta feels her lost hopes revive.
1	to some her work is considered macabre.
1	the school's attainment 8 score is 47.7.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	it is based on the sfham model.
1	he also entered politics as a republican.
1	she is very energetic lively and practical.
1	more and more corals will be affected.
1	this happens because t is not unitary.
1	it was described by vachal in 1909.
1	he subsequently joined pangu party (pangu pati).
1	this flooding caused six people to die.
1	p is where op and nn intersect.
1	this is basically a lidless inverted box.
1	respond to various missions such as support.
1	merrheim withdrew to concentrate on union work.
1	he died in hull quebec in 1873.
1	the nearest towns are yateley and fleet.
1	fortum owns the majority of water power.
1	ed. department at newton north high school.
1	bapton norman a popular sire from 1914.
1	the negotiations for the coalition were lengthy.
1	in 2006 she lost to pat martin.
1	he served in that position until 1981.
1	all the songs written by ian bruce-douglas.
1	he made eight appearances during his stint.
1	the ceilings were lined with pressed metal.
1	she is dating kasai an aspiring carpenter.
1	a dance to the music of time.
1	it was described by philpott in 1924.
1	michele brancale in avvenire september 9 2021.
1	most of it is from new zealand.
1	he is the father of twin daughters.
1	connecticut repealed the black law in 1838.
1	carlangelo mauro in atelier november 24 2020.
1	the cover was painted by rodney matthews.
1	the genus is endemic to south america.
1	he cross-trains brazilian jiu-jitsu at gracie barra.
1	the bridge deck was replaced in 2001.
1	sympathy sensitivity and insight are important too.
1	as described by reis in a video.
1	the video was directed by jacopo rondinelli.
1	in 1863 he married lucy e. glazier.
1	initially cmos logic was slower than ls-ttl.
1	this marine species occurs off east africa.
1	the season began on 19 january 2019.
1	land use mainly consists of residential areas.
1	later he resigned from his tv3 post.
1	they have had varying degrees of success.
1	meconium is made in the intestinal tract.
1	he decides to bring his wife along.
1	she grew up in istanbul and gebze.
1	the village has a population of 30.
1	janet fokart died on 17 may 1596.
1	davies later worked as an insurance agent.
1	she was wrecked at guadeloupe in 1826.
1	things did not start well for syracuse.
1	all of them were threatened with death.
1	it leaves state highway 2 at haywards.
1	aries susanti rahayu speed climbing world champion.
1	the population was 21 as of 2002.
1	for services to urban search and rescue.
1	the pin code of village is 176314.
1	in 1882 high married harriet harwell wilson.
1	vernam was born in mechanicville new york.
1	they bowled with a lot of discipline.
1	katz has also initiated a peace campaign.
1	the sadist an ai controlled attack ship.
1	the school colors are red and white.
1	instead it was used for scientific research.
1	i had them on my list too.
1	for birth in july 1979 see bennett.
1	w. h. l. mccourtie died in 1933.
1	only a few hundred cars were sold.
1	seldom numbering more than half-a-dozen c-47s det.
1	later parts of it merged into jawali.
1	etzella ettelbruck won on away goals rule.
1	james ivan elliott warden maudsley house oxford.
1	new dynamics in female migration and integration.
1	since 2022 this has been stephen dunwoody.
1	esdi has over twenty years of history.
1	for services to the community in stockport.
1	the new firm had capital of $3,000,000.
1	she was re-elected in 2002 and 2007.
1	their training is heavily focused on surgery.
1	he was knighted on 26 june 1908.
1	i took lsd eight or nine times.
1	who does the work of public health?
1	there she married and had two children.
1	myristoylation and palmitoylation are commonly coupled modifications.
1	scooters must be parked in special places.
1	hangarstein is a hill in hesse germany.
1	he signed with sc albi in 2016.
1	since 1994 he has lived in australia.
1	the village has a population of 124.
1	coaches were sam theodore and robert apps.
1	coaches were sam theodore and robert apps.
1	area 17 is the primary visual cortex.
1	neftchi baku won on away goals rule.
1	events from the year 2009 in ireland.
1	the orphic argonautica translated by jason colavito.
1	half of them are sold into slavery.
1	very often a completed habilitation is required.
1	davis currently sits on the rules committee.
1	coaches were murray elbourn and jason bremner.
1	covcam was an integrally suppressed takedown version.
1	both are in memory of his son.
1	cooper's is a bakery chain in bangladesh.
1	the calgary coin association hosted the event.
1	a houston area top 100 football recruit.
1	she has a black belt in judo.
1	the station house is intact with extensions.
1	his record was broken by carlos sainz.
1	the platform is approximately below the surface.
1	the population of the town is 2,647.
1	he was re-elected in 1975 and 1979.
1	in 1895 he was champion two-year-old colt.
1	this reservoir is built on waltwood hill.
1	in september 2018 cravetv launched the wow!
1	select devices also support 5.1 surround sound.
1	they have two sons and two daughters.
1	the site covered and had 155 buildings.
1	on the october 4 edition of smackdown!
1	it was designed by architect b. brinkmann.
1	this is priya anand's first tamil movie.
1	she went on to complete her ph.
1	on the october 11 edition of smackdown!
1	in this way public order is protected.
1	austin dillon had a tire go down.
1	it included parts of former opochetsky uyezd.
1	in 1925 tobolenets was renamed pushkinskiye gory.
1	it is often found at high densities.
1	cloudsdale is the home of the pegasi.
1	most toothed whales have no fixed bonds.
1	the courts sometimes make oppression remedies available.
1	the league consist out of eleven teams.
1	reid lives in philadelphia with her husband.
1	hosted by jon hein and gary dell'abate.
1	she appeared in several roy rogers movies.
1	paul james phelan chairman cara foods inc.
1	on the september 27 edition of smackdown!
1	it has an estimated population of 2,000.
1	it was released on 12 october 2010.
1	paul leads a mob to the jail.
1	as of 2011 its population is 92.
1	there are 113 species in 12 genera.
1	adults mate in fall during the night.
1	on march 29 evolve funds group inc.
1	vitim is served by the vitim airport.
1	the station opened on 1 december 1988.
1	replaced by apartments of the same name.
1	the original tympanum and font were preserved.
1	the event offers a purse of $100,000.
1	other tales involve fictional queens and empresses.
1	i was suddenly ripped of my innocence.
1	kathy castor u.s. representative florida district 14.
1	mann and machopsycho both produced the track.
1	firstly quitting is frowned upon in society.
1	she has two children daryna and maxym.
1	music co-composed by centigradz and nawarathne gamage.
1	no commercial shale oil had been produced.
1	much of the regency is coastal lowland.
1	rankings are as of april 17 2017.
1	marcgrave gave the local name as quiivbatvi.
1	parry finished the season with 25 wickets.
1	a train station is serving the village.
1	home of marie marguerite beaudenom de lamaze.
1	fifty two weeks of abe martin (1924).
1	radar timing is usually expressed in microseconds.
1	studies continued after the second world war.
1	dysart jr. paul l. bear market signal?
1	he went on to earn his ph.
1	amiloride is not metabolized by the liver.
1	the construction took two years to complete.
1	he played college football at mississippi state.
1	a nod's as good as a wink.
1	concept and design peress with fred ritchin.
1	know it all is an individual man.
1	activist loren goldner supported the book's message.
1	maillard died in nice (alpes-maritimes) in 2012.
1	the dorsal neural spines are inclined anteriorly.
1	she died there on 4 july 2013.
1	the population was 9 as of 2016.
1	i think back to myself at 11.
1	the anthology contains stories of female empowerment.
1	he contributed to the art monthly periodical.
1	these things just happen it's human nature.
1	it is the sequel to going gay.
1	villa del sol 5 avenue saint roman.
1	she arrived at calcutta on 16 march.
1	hornblendite and rarely phlogopite are also found.
1	the village is mountain scattered neighborhood type.
1	his parents were helene and walter esch.
1	debussy's instrumental music in its cultural context.
1	many include categories which change every year.
1	local ingredients are often included as well.
1	ladia styled himself king of the tagalog.
1	debussy's vocal music and its poetic evocations.
1	dana lasted 6 weeks on the show.
1	adam joel weitsman is an american entrepreneur.
1	as a churchman he was a moderate.
1	abe martin of brown county indiana (1907).
1	it is a month of 29 days.
1	he played college football at portland state.
1	the series began on 13 february 2017.
1	he was detained by on december 11.
1	similarly cyclops is immune to havok's power.
1	zacharias author of life spirit and more.
1	desron 2 experienced dramatic changes in 1992.
1	wilson was born in 1846 in ireland.
1	scrappy reflections(1997) for cello piano and percussion.
1	relatively little of bartolomeo's music has survived.
1	the town lies on the popelka stream.
1	merrill was born on march 27 1937.
1	morton is a neighborhood in northwest philadelphia.
1	harry scholes chairman bolton local savings committee.
1	soviet union team failed to show up.
1	lennon and dropped into a combat stance.
1	he sold his first novel shortly thereafter.
1	both bodies are informally known as ofwat.
1	he retired as a player in 1954.
1	they also have four kenyan cup titles.
1	on 1992's the looks or the lifestyle?
1	considerable breeding effort has developed disease-resistant varieties.
1	but it was a hard fought race.
1	alphons is the son of alphons kannanthanam.
1	hybrids with kunzea capitata have been recorded.
1	the labor party was defending two seats.
1	the expedition was split into two parts.
1	she has a daughter and a son.
1	where have you been all my life?
1	he gave the local name as guiarubas.
1	the couple had a daughter isobel daniella.
1	frederick arrived at brindisi in june 1229.
1	allan mackay findlay is a british geographer.
1	mobali joined foolad's senior team in 2000.
1	the senate intelligence committee interviews anatoli samochornov.
1	william h. hinton was a marxist sinologist.
1	winners are listed first highlighted in boldface.
1	he has also worked with l events.
1	the station was owned by capital broadcasting.
1	it is the seat of mariato district.
1	they had three sons and six daughters.
1	monitoring is an essential characteristic of agency.
1	bubba was stunned but he still won.
1	cattleya loddigesii is a species of orchid.
1	the petiole is long and approximately wide.
1	indian springs is located at (34.959131 85.163983).
1	the game was announced in february 2016.
1	she also digitally sketches with this mouse.
1	during his hunting he killed many asuras.
1	traditional dessert in eastern romania and moldova.
1	flowering mostly occurs in winter and spring.
1	supplementary burners are also called duct burners.
1	acquired by the national gallery of norway.
1	hall was re-elected at the 1975 election.
1	he was the author of several books.
1	schwartzbach moved to san francisco in 1972.
1	he named it kaiser-wilhelm-spitze (kaiser wilhelm peak).
1	michael oblowitz is a south african filmmaker.
1	following starr's death the band broke up.
1	its main plant was located in mojo.
1	on february 12 2008 the website supernaturalsuperserious.
1	the column is of the tuscan order.
1	children and youth services review 27 1085-1118.
1	george thompson councillor spennymoor urban district council.
1	nokia networks is nokia corporation's largest division.
1	you sure stirred up a hornet's nest.
1	it is found in the dominican republic.
1	he was also an analyst for curltv.
1	financial aid is provided to scholarship students.
1	in 1950 wright moved to st. louis.
1	the following year the territory attained self-government.
1	west campus consists of three residence halls.
1	sinden threw a chair on the ice.
1	the village has a population of 198.
1	in 1575 thomas sandford had it enlarged.
1	rosen turned the tapes over to police.
1	in genetics symbols began as algebraic placeholders.
1	the verb to bushwhack has two meanings.
1	the stadium has a capacity of 7,826.
1	klaatu is a fictional marvel comics alien.
1	he is a supporter of fk partizan.
1	that was the nhl and pro mentality.
1	water levels will be upstream and downstream.
1	it's a little fun a little feisty.
1	wenlock basin is accessible only to residents.
1	admission to the program is highly competitive.
1	even cosima doubted that it was wise.
1	by 1913 there were 11 active chapters.
1	dogs have the largest heart-to-body mass ratio.
1	it was joyce's fourth all-ireland medal overall.
1	the film was released in december 2005.
1	its numbers are increasing slowly but steadily.
1	you will be changed by experiencing it.
1	an indicates an appearance through archival footage.
1	goals should not be too broad however.
1	it was held on 20 december 1919.
1	the first convention was held in 1906.
1	he left the club in january 2018.
1	he was defeated in the 1930 election.
1	he studied law with john beverley robinson.
1	in 2021 kalapos graduated from westminster college.
1	the bloom period is may to july.
1	it uses heraldic glass dating from 1580.
1	the ark they support represents the church.
1	jericho hit rock with a one-handed bulldog.
1	this item is assessed as scientifically rare.
1	recent reforms remain an active political issue.
1	he ruled his kingdom for 50,000 years.
1	george gibson general manager john curran ltd.
1	jericho reached the ropes and caught them.
1	strings recorded at air lyndhurst london uk.
1	sborowitz played college tennis at pepperdine university.
1	in 2020 there was no live ceremony.
1	it is operated by pulaski county schools.
1	it is sung by bassist reenie hollis.
1	rajya is shocked to see the incident.
1	coaches were mike downie and susie bennett.
1	the reporter felicia sonmez was later suspended.
1	this protein preferentially degrades benzylamine and phenethylamine.
1	they live with their uncle named kareang.
1	east whittier is located at (33.924403 117.988975).
1	anand is a major in the military.
1	tohir sodiqov had no formal music training.
1	i want to be fair about it.
1	all times are central standard time (utc-6).
1	numerous problems occurred in the first race.
1	the ship was lengthened from in 1969.
1	apu tells her about her supernatural identity.
1	produced at christmas 1920 then in 1925.
1	in roberts v. kindercare learning centers inc.
1	the alawi-quteibi relations had never been good.
1	he has also worked as a teacher.
1	melvin guillard defeated dunham as kenny's replacement.
1	to avoid it stay on designated trails.
1	it was described by ball in 1972.
1	management and training corporation paid $5.2 million.
1	their diet consists of sponges mostly halichondria.
1	these agreements span from 2005 to 2014.
1	his family is originally from kingston jamaica.
1	hartford providence and fishkill railroad begins operating.
1	three fossil species have also been described.
1	japanese champions in 1931 runners-up in 1938.
1	his paternal grandparents were born in mauritius.
1	on november 3 2020 graziano defeated cannon.
1	murray baron former nhl ice hockey player.
1	korotkov was an associate of ivan serov.
1	a video was directed by agata alexander.
1	the musical times thought well of her.
1	the paper had a radical left-wing stance.
1	belmont was a station on the railroad.
1	there are four species in this genus.
1	the inflorescence is a catkin of flowers.
1	it was opened on 11 december 1897.
1	politically he was described as a progressive.
1	he was 28 years old that year.
1	she is the youngest of four children.
1	it was written by ian cameron esslemont.
1	the ep is now out of print.
1	this rebellion is known as 'the whirlwind'.
1	oliver sean grew up in goa india.
1	gaburo was born in somerville new jersey.
1	this castilleja may hybridize with castilleja affinis.
1	results not in chronological order in 2020.
1	deborah makes harry choose: lettie or her.
1	you can of course watch this film.
1	despite his accomplishments thrower still experienced racism.
1	the festival started as a rock festival.
1	gowrie would not give him the letters.
1	minor flooding occurred in mantua and sandino.
1	bin ich wenn ich nicht mehr bin?
1	the nationality of miss partner is unknown.
1	a new chapel was completed in 2020.
1	he is married and has two children.
1	the station has an elevated island platform.
1	smedberg had also commanded the uss iowa.
1	the film ended up making $37.8 million.
1	in 2007 kleine zeitung sold 306,000 copies.
1	it was released on november 24 2016.
1	the village type is mountainous and scattered.
1	he starred alongside his now-partner tim campbell.
1	leaving the army cortani grappled with depression.
1	they had a daughter rosebud (born 1978).
1	the new chief at lovepat's secret headquarters.
1	shenington has one public house the bell.
1	the show released on 19 july 2021.
1	they were defeated by ballybay community college.
1	the cost per vehicle was around $9,000.
1	its abdomen is similar to the male.
1	his parents were married january 6 1831.
1	there were 1,836 fatalities mostly from flooding.
1	they had two sons cameron and blake.
1	the village has a population of 253.
1	he has spoken at the nexteinstein forum.
1	jenkins assumed office on july 22 2021.
1	an ldk is bigger than a dk.
1	the mineral connellite is named after him.
1	its seat is the town of pangururan.
1	it finally was given a designation pzl.
1	fish tales is a 1936 warner bros.
1	toroidal polyhedron with faces with 2 holes.
1	she returned loaded on 14 november 1949.
1	lego masters germany was broadcast by rtl.
1	new bridges were constructed as per requirement.
1	seddon prize royal national orthopaedic hospital 1976.
1	by 1959 he had reached 9 dan.
1	he became deputy director general in 1976.
1	foster married again and returned to mississippi.
1	the group has made several award-winning albums.
1	u.s. capitol terror attack stopped by fbi.
1	hery setaharinaivomanjato raharisaina is a malagasy politician.
1	its history may date to the 1950s.
1	yardbird was an improved thiokol xm-19 motor.
1	his father alfred day was an engineer.
1	stasey attended star of the sea college.
1	however it was shut down by sega.
1	lon chaney is excellent as the heavy.
1	kim umback is a canadian cross-country skier.
1	most of alaska is subarctic or polar.
1	gerard was born in christchurch in 1904.
1	think alice in wonderland for (naughty) adults.
1	h.g. wells' little orc wars quick-play rules.
1	the show was broadcast on kanal 5.
1	as a result demyelination of neurons occurs.
1	its flowers grow up to in diameter.
1	the winner was maurice desimpelaere from belgium.
1	it has a pressurised water reactor (pwr).
1	unfortunately the manoeuvres are not so easy.
1	the wetland was artificially drained in 1962.
1	denis murphy c.c. the project got underway.
1	shri mahavirji is ornamented with many pinnacles.
1	several endoparasites have been found in gerrids.
1	he retired relatively early due to injury.
1	in 1991 he became an assistant professor.
1	it was released on 22 october 1938.
1	he was born in wellington new zealand.
1	the company also provides wastewater filtration services.
1	he emigrated to the u.s. in 1939.
1	the parish includes the hamlet of sleningford.
1	several weapons in the series are character-specific.
1	he then moved to sportivo dock sud.
1	in 1707 he began to publish periodicals.
1	however he was waived on october 15.
1	it is listed as bc d 2e.
1	her son crispin redman is an actor.
1	parts of the manor house are medieval.
1	in 1997 meyer becomes an hhmi investigator.
1	the book is illustrated by jason chan.
1	orton defeated him at night of champions.
1	the plant started generating electricity from 2071-02-31bs.
1	upper triassic period the santa maria formation.
1	no funding was provided at that time.
1	he was pronounced dead at 5:11 am.
1	he leaves the field on a stretcher.
1	one such commercial product is called polyclar.
1	in september 2008 he moved to larne.
1	it was edited by charles p. cozic.
1	it was released on may 27 2015.
1	there were 7 teams competing this season.
1	it was shot at the gottingen studios.
1	the population was 3 as of 2010.
1	director of operations tracor flight systems inc.
1	all credits adapted from the original releases.
1	boland was captain of the 1929 team.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	for services to social care during covid-19.
1	he joined west bromwich albion in 1969.
1	family preservation got a contract for $2,243,007.
1	the allegations were rejected by romano prodi.
1	laitumkhrah houses the famous ramakrishna mission shillong.
1	northumberland was at saugor on 13 september.
1	karthik admits varanasi in a nearby hospital.
1	the event was covered by travel bloggers.
1	he shouts for his wife and children.
1	this story was written by cathy cassidy.
1	wolff was born in manhattan during 1890.
1	leland's final draft was a slim volume.
1	first-seeded vitas gerulaitis won the singles title.
1	it aired from april to june 2017.
1	would she keep searching for her truth.
1	publicly few people knew her name then.
1	in 1940 georgy kondratiev received doctor degree.
1	stanley m. truhlsen grew up in herman.
1	announcements are made via the mailing list.
1	he played again in 1979-80 and 1983-84.
1	the rooftop features a large spa area.
1	stubbs labelled the coalition as a monstrosity.
1	she went on to become 2nd runner-up.
1	this combination increases libido and performance simultaneously.
1	he was subsequently appointed to the cabinet.
1	the team's captain was harrell p. willis.
1	additional buildings were erected at the site.
1	the whole council was up for election.
1	winx has won the award four times.
1	it was opened on may 5 2008.
1	on april 23 1923 at five p.m.
1	the group planned to demolish the warehouse.
1	it was described by strand in 1911.
1	he was married to metta von alten.
1	the population was 2,273 as of 2010.
1	krasny pakhar is the nearest rural locality.
1	all times are in minutes and seconds.
1	the population was 601 as of 2010.
1	old data outside the window is forgotten.
1	many decision tree methods such as c4.
1	docpoint is a commercial document management system.
1	he was succeeded by sir henry gollan.
1	it is oldest suburb in the city.
1	pike was a taxidermist and wood carver.
1	rosemary terrell died on january 26 2005.
1	sloop 45-feet long unidentified possibly new buffalo.
1	he is trying to find his parents.
1	kung-fu master also inspired super mario bros.
1	in 1912 altman moved to saint petersburg.
1	it is located in fare zone b1.
1	the host region hong kong marched last.
1	the stadium is owned by fc khimki.
1	draft played college football at stanford university.
1	the project received a national emmy award.
1	it includes some parts of greater noida.
1	the son of aaron ashley flowers sr.
1	norrin begins dating a woman named amy.
1	it was described by breuning in 1938.
1	how to create investigative projects on television.
1	dialogues on the church question greenock 1843.
1	king rama vi adopted the name mr.
1	lt. col. frank wheaton commanded all troops.
1	he is cousins with dj whoo kid.
1	he graduated from the harvard business school.
1	elk county is divided into ten townships.
1	this occurred on april 20 2013 charts.
1	he owns three other restaurants in paris.
1	it modified the rule in medtronic inc.
1	the remainder of the facades remained brick.
1	in 1964 they were transferred to turkey.
1	unique keys are also called alternate keys.
1	she married john hudson farrally in 1942.
1	the case of wolo-tv was not unique.
1	this was known as the gila trail.
1	what to do with the dead kaiju?
1	their conquest eventually topples the ming dynasty.
1	he never uttered a word of complaint.
1	the said project would cost php50 million.
1	it is part of the aksy district.
1	cave 16 is right above cave 15.
1	mustang wild spirit of the west illus.
1	a rift develops between harry and ron.
1	increase efficiency of gas to solid contact.
1	labor archives of washington university of washington.
1	it featured an introduction with spanish guitar.
1	wu wei sai left burma in 1930.
1	his first marriage had ended in divorce.
1	he has been releasing music since 2001.
1	it was usually played with a bow.
1	australia has a high commission in pretoria.
1	the station opened on 18 june 1856.
1	we'll go to my room of fun.
1	residents are zoned to dare county schools.
1	the game introduces pepper mouse's sister ginger.
1	c. r. gregory saw it in 1883.
1	stubbs was found guilty of judicial misbehaviour.
1	gamble's techniques were also adopted in japan.
1	the evergreen leaves are leathery and thick.
1	the initial letters are written in red.
1	in the field bradford took five catches.
1	it is found in ohio united states.
1	nintendo held its conference on june 15.
1	he served in the 30th infantry regiment.
1	this is outermost layer of the bark.
1	senco and deputy head alexandra school kingston-upon-thames.
1	cedar creek is located at (41.040098 96.101979).
1	two key factors are space and time.
1	basic teacher's training college is among them.
1	mrs yvonne elwyn coate of western australia.
1	warne was a fierce and dramatic competitor.
1	r. l. s. swanton (80971) (acting) rafvr.
1	it has also housed alna's town offices.
1	groups by petr scheirich (with excellent plots).
1	this topology is called the euclidean topology.
1	he died early in 1961 in newark.
1	it gives you enough energy and fuel.
1	it was a work of charlie goodrich.
1	he received his b.a. m.a. and ph.
1	until 1998 beilen was a separate municipality.
1	oliver's brother jim also played professional baseball.
1	but don't call us we'll call you.
1	furthermore he created a robotic musical band.
1	two of these sequels super mario bros.
1	he also had a sister emily feigel.
1	timeslip was recorded mainly in the studio.
1	this continues for all of program execution.
1	the kingdom of saxony wanted its share.
1	danusia samal also serves as a writer.
1	it is located in tyresta national park.
1	in 2014 he played in one game.
1	jones passed the arkansas bar in 1889.
1	fishing is not allowed in the preserve.
1	the skeletal tower has a central cylinder.
1	larkin was released about a week later.
1	agostino was elected prior general in 1298.
1	these projects took until 1926 to finish.
1	do as is pleasing in thy sight.
1	he was secretary of the nation magazine.
1	he was a three-time all-wac division selection.
1	this is known as the limit topology.
1	surprise attack records signs hardcore punk bands.
1	hedlund assumed office on january 4 2016.
1	throw it out there shake the dice.
1	others recognize as many as 21 species.
1	the buffalo rises in northern lawrence county.
1	the mountain also features a terrain park.
1	his mother was elizabeth weir (died 1768).
1	the port has north and south entrances.
1	ambras but this remains a mere hypothesis.
1	nalder is single and lives in cambridgeshire.
1	ceresa specialised in block and graft copolymers.
1	agnes enters soon after telling what happened.
1	he graduated from the university of stuttgart.
1	most development towns eventually grew into cities.
1	he was married and had four children.
1	many themes recur in the various versions.
1	created subdirectories also inherit the setgid bit.
1	amsterdam phd thesis university of amsterdam nijmegen.
1	it is glandular and hairy in texture.
1	gruman j. science and the bush administration.
1	the hd pentax d fa 24-70mm f2.
1	carey has a daughter and a son.
1	it also briefly touches on potty training.
1	the show was later cancelled in late-2012.
1	the village has a population of 229.
1	these tools are commonly used in training.
1	the monthly sold 68,000 copies in 2003.
1	john j. plenty and fiddler dan 1963.
1	veronica soon receives a call from karl.
1	the synagogue was completed in december 2002.
1	male literacy is 55% female literacy 54%.
1	both differ significantly from the transylvanian tale.
1	the c.37 had a fixed tailskid undercarriage.
1	galatea finally reached plymouth on 22 november.
1	treaty 2nd edition (bridget williams books 2013).
1	its circulation was 50,000 copies in 2007.
1	harry is awoken by his scar hurting.
1	los angeles introduced similar streetcars in 1913.
1	this term has fallen out of fashion.
1	almost all left-handed bowlers are finger spinners.
1	the units are about south of waco.
1	pairs events are normally scored by matchpoints.
1	it has been refined throughout the years.
1	the board declined to commute his sentence.
1	kalanginathar is known for his tall physique.
1	hamlet has received mixed to positive reviews.
1	it took place on july 20 1910.
1	it is located in the vikramgad taluka.
1	book 8 contains biographies of islamic women.
1	up to 33 trains can be parked.
1	historic ricefields with canals dikes and trunks.
1	the first 1933 adaptation starred gary cooper.
1	veiko is an estonian masculine given name.
1	klimchouk a.b. samokhin g.v. and kasjan yu.
1	darbu is usually played by three experts.
1	the game was telecast live by cbs.
1	however in 1971 the club declared insolvency.
1	it was eventually sold by the club.
1	ethiopia burundi kenya namibia south africa socotra.
1	he competed at the 1956 summer olympics.
1	the event used the gardner circuit configuration.
1	colquhoun died suddenly in london in 1962.
1	northland sees long winters with heavy snowfall.
1	it is now extinct in the wild.
1	she is married to actor christian campbell.
1	easily recommended to collectors of straight-ahead jazz.
1	the film released on 11 may 2018.
1	the basin spans parts of eight countries.
1	all lay justices serve on part-time basis.
1	milius said the weinsteins were really arrogant.
1	the dam is used for power production.
1	he is touched and puts it on.
1	numerous smaller cities dotted the nile river.
1	the show premiered on 17 january 2000.
1	the name congonhas however remains mostly used.
1	forth died at the age of 65.
1	students have to apply online through www.
1	it is developed and built by alstom.
1	the district was renamed radnorshire in 1989.
1	based on the original super mario bros.
1	on september 3 2011 he was waived.
1	it was purchased by leinenkugel in 1995.
1	it was demolished at some point thereafter.
1	outside of japan vs. super mario bros.
1	the grounds have become a community park.
1	smith was born on september 2 1977.
1	had his sentence reduced to life imprisonment.
1	the mulgrasias of ajmer were khachar kathis.
1	the line also carried significant freight traffic.
1	frenchmen have the instinct of military discipline.
1	sunbeam's stock rose 9% on the news.
1	his son giovanni paradisi was a scientist.
1	he is belize's longest-serving death row inmate.
1	the flight period is may and june.
1	she was immediately suspended by the court.
1	canadian actor evan sabba appeared in it.
1	the group has joined multiple operations rooms.
1	it was founded in 1877 in moss.
1	pornography is currently legal in the country.
1	katz was born and raised in argentina.
1	with the array destroyed the kazon disengage.
1	statistics reflect time with the penguins only.
1	the site is designated a scheduled monument.
1	it was released on november 18 2014.
1	the park was later opened in 2001.
1	i survived because i was very young.
1	la plata is largely a residential community.
1	alfalfa is native to warmer temperate climates.
1	williams was born in newark new jersey.
1	adapted from the ginseng nights liner notes.
1	it has a stronger flavor than marjoram.
1	he was 's first new york guru.
1	it lies within the municipality of komen.
1	lithuania's capital vilnius is in zone 5b.
1	juliana reiser married willard force in 1911.
1	the population was 11 as of 2002.
1	the 4w66 was discontinued in june 1960.
1	marcin jakubowski founded the group in 2003.
1	the 1876 cost was $220,000 u.s. dollars.
1	university of texas press austin texas 2001.
1	for distinguished services to servicemen and ex-servicemen.
1	fawzi boubia intercultural self-questioning in heidelberg-marrakech (1996).
1	muhlenberg had been elected to the senate.
1	in 1929 he married anne ethel horowitz.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	it is served by the gangneung line.
1	a lot of deliberate misinformation out there.
1	group activities are a common couple date.
1	the dpn contested the 2009 general election.
1	the moult is usually complete by october.
1	it was the first such in scotland.
1	it is headquartered in kansas city kansas.
1	the comparison is between moses and christ.
1	automatic transfers were interrupted but progressed manually.
1	chicago metra commuter trains reported numerous accidents.
1	the 9 to 10 whorls are planulate.
1	the molecular weight is about 65 kd.
1	bonafoux pascal and johannes vermeer van delft.
1	robinson won again by a unanimous decision.
1	it was described by chaudoir in 1860.
1	the artwork was designed by kyosuke usuta.
1	it is not included in modern pcs.
1	on day 1 calum entered the house.
1	this mitosis is also known as cleavage.
1	none of the victims were fatally wounded.
1	he became the director-general in october 2003.
1	habibie's term as ambassador ended late 2001.
1	her first records were released in 1952.
1	his wife had died three years before.
1	marasimha (1050 ce 1075 ce) succeeded gonka.
1	chief petty officer robert john clark (r41118).
1	this season nine live shows were produced.
1	it was renamed on april 1 1944.
1	leonard george redmond director of works darwin.
1	prest died aged 86 in gladstone queensland.
1	cd for bella voce with otmar suitner.
1	the erie canal passes through the town.
1	it dissipated before affecting the lesser antilles.
1	the baladi white rabbit weights 4.3 pounds.
1	frieda's extratropical remnants later passed over newfoundland.
1	there are some restaurants in there too.
1	in 1750 its owner was piotr borowski.
1	software includes pro cron jpegview and applescript.
1	other vermeer paintings also have images removed.
1	the album combines jazz with african music.
1	he had married francis fordham in 1867.
1	it was founded on 26 september 1921.
1	he played college football at lafayette college.
1	david kozlowski hosted tip and interview show.
1	the village has a population of 170.
1	tugendhat holds dual british and french citizenship.
1	london review of books october 20 2015.
1	the ministers were chosen by the king.
1	the population was 76 as of 2002.
1	piano with tom van der geld vibraphone.
1	in his youth he used to wrestle.
1	he was minister from 1999 to 2004.
1	the song was produced by gray jon'z.
1	he was not selected for euro 2008.
1	later a chapter was launched in dammam.
1	the genus was later renamed to lomovskayavirus.
1	harvick led once for a single lap.
1	rivalries traverse many different fields within society.
1	luis bertran is secretary general of igu.
1	it features sanders with a large ensemble.
1	in this way technological rationality becomes totalitarian.
1	in 1985 ritchie married elizabeth anne black.
1	fox has two brothers david and danny.
1	the majority of the commission backed hallstein.
1	it is most often a benign symptom.
1	he was buried in hollywood forever cemetery.
1	this organization has stability predictability and authority.
1	this time scooby did not get killed.
1	louis died in 1447 as henry's prisoner.
1	in the 1920s various projects were started.
1	inhabitants of montgeron are known as montgeronnais.
1	the wiring specification is a formal standard.
1	he saw active service in south vietnam.
1	following mansfield's death murry edited her work.
1	it has a profound but narrow umbilicus.
1	they later cast him as kim hyde.
1	he spent his hours meditating and walking.
1	silver was also alice in chains' manager.
1	both attempts failed and irene left town.
1	often also a steam room is included.
1	the priory became an abbey in 1449.
1	he became a fellow (frcm) in 1944.
1	mortal kombats advertisements received criticism as well.
1	it was released on dvd in 2004.
1	the album received widespread acclaim by critics.
1	it is part of athens metropolitan area.
1	they were announced on 9 july 1940.
1	w. b. britt was the team captain.
1	the competition included only men's freestyle events.
1	translated by andrew kahn and irina reyfman.
1	nautical charts also include depth contour lines.
1	for services to the australian war memorial.
1	mr. garrison was commonly known as mr.
1	he stayed with basie until november 1943.
1	q-ships versus u-boats by kenneth m. beyer.
1	there is a police station at tisrar.
1	founder of the first all-ukrainian theater festival.
1	theatre ink entered its production of oliver!
1	there was also ore from nes jernverk.
1	judge cobos took office january 1 2007.
1	it was sara errani's 1st career title.
1	self-healing abilities in clan lord are limited.
1	trump was the first to popularize it.
1	det er dig baby (baby it's you).
1	the magazine was restarted in july 1945.
1	about 40 people were killed in total.
1	it is a subsidiary of ratp group.
1	this machine was quite different from massey's.
1	most states don't combine the two departments.
1	he became a u.s. citizen in 1957.
1	the match ended in a goalless draw.
1	the charges were dropped in june 2019.
1	jamestown has several different clubs and groups.
1	he had great performances for ecuador's campaign.
1	in 1995 a further 14 were transferred.
1	it was an outgrowth of the imro.
1	big lick was later renamed roanoke virginia.
1	tri-level autoracks were developed in the 1970s.
1	they later appeared in king of hearts.
1	jaina art and architecture (ed. a ghosh).
1	the general result then follows by induction.
1	she was born in montreal quebec canada.
1	for services to the london welsh community.
1	timeline of plot arrests and related incidents.
1	he is married to singer stacey kent.
1	he was educated at pierrepont school frensham.
1	however only southern ontario set temperature records.
1	prince pavel dolgorukov was born in 1866.
1	the village has a population of 21.
1	tct was superseded by the sleuth kit.
1	the tdmh serves the town and region.
1	it was published between 1967 and 1987.
1	the school sports mascot is a bulldog.
1	when he told whitlam they both laughed.
1	it was described by latrellie in 1804.
1	coleman played college football at ohio state.
1	it is headquartered in signal hill california.
1	dna-templated transcription is the method of transcription.
1	the width of the shell is 16.2-23.
1	eventually their abandoned farms reverted to wilderness.
1	it first experimented with teletext in 1977.
1	as of 2020 they've released five cds.
1	joe wanting female company goes to minneapolis.
1	glen avon is located at (34.017313 117.491855).
1	the series was produced by david susskind.
1	his mentor was conrad bishop of utrecht.
1	they are modelled on the london buses.
1	contestants can weigh in at any time.
1	susumu hirasawa composed the music for berserk.
1	the details are closely guarded by artisans.
1	liesl later married the author bruno frank.
1	one seat was lost due to reapportionment.
1	new york lost three seats in reapportionment.
1	he grew up in bezuidenhout valley johannesburg.
1	alverna flirts with the pilot angering prescott.
1	wwka broadcasts in the hd radio format.
1	lead and copper rule (last revised 2021).
1	it is located in fare zone b1.
1	seivewright at the divine art record company.
1	longview subsequently signed to 14th floor recordings.
1	it was released on dvd in 2002.
1	a palace revolution in 1976 ousted micombero.
1	these metrics have been widely emulated nationwide.
1	judgal abu forces ramlath to marry kunjumuhammed.
1	additionally inheritance of land was predominantly patrilineal.
1	restaurants display movie memorabilia throughout the restaurant.
1	he is married and has two children.
1	the peak is located south of fredonia.
1	at bardstown kentucky october and november 1861.
1	charles hughes-hallett (1898-1985) british royal navy officer.
1	production officially started on 9 july 2020.
1	a global framework for coaching in education.
1	it is found in indonesia (ambon island).
1	peker competed at the 2012 summer olympics.
1	there was some damage to the airport.
1	zuata river is a river of venezuela.
1	such online services can also be decentralized.
1	no one on the ground was hurt.
1	it was a separate village until 2014.
1	he obtained m.a. degree in buddhist philosophy.
1	wolins herself was fired in march 2004.
1	this prompted gold to return to school.
1	new characters are brought into the cast.
1	it forms part of the nw10 postcode.
1	venus and neptune have even lower eccentricities.
1	maschwanden has an unemployment rate of 0.36%.
1	his motives are based on pure humanity.
1	she also competed in the team competition.
1	forty-six countries had pavilions at the exposition.
1	kaduthuruthy has a picturesque nature and ecosystem.
1	the couple have a son and daughter.
1	it was described by bates in 1874.
1	it is known from turkey and armenia.
1	most precipitation falls between october and may.
1	dreier won with 54% of the vote.
1	he also played non-league football for ashington.
1	the opening theme is by aya ikeda.
1	he made 154 tackles in 10 games.
1	glass started for seven years with cleveland.
1	the method is presented in three-step framework.
1	there are lateral and subspiracular whitish lines.
1	he served until honorably discharged in 1865.
1	it also includes the north dakota constitution.
1	he attended george heriot's school in edinburgh.
1	since 2004 only kovacs has thrown farther.
1	he has purple eyes and orange hair.
1	the name is taken from norwich england.
1	the current principal is mr. eben bullock.
1	hazel and raffy escaped the yellow line.
1	when she informs preston he denies her.
1	most herb-drug interactions are moderate in severity.
1	the club colours are yellow and red.
1	in 2010 he signed with vitoria sc.
1	gastfield was born in chicago in 1865.
1	she had had no other job pre-war.
1	the english translation was released in 2004.
1	they previously won the cup in 2003.
1	lipmann kessel (pp 182) churchill livingstone (1982).
1	the secretary general also oversees several structures.
1	the season premiered on november 9 2014.
1	it is part of the newark museum.
1	the cultural resources center opened in 2003.
1	the primary school has recently been extended.
1	kelleher was released by kent in 1991.
1	all jerseys are owned by the nhl.
1	the village has a population of 165.
1	pratap was released on 16 april 1993.
1	by 24 september 2018 however tilray inc.
1	i'm here i think where are you?
1	the genus formerly included many more species.
1	small plantations are also found in england.
1	in 2019 parton released an album survivor.
1	they play in the afghan premier league.
1	a great grand nephew of rizal fr.
1	credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
1	the three older denominations have good facilities.
1	he currently works for the montreal exchange.
1	the conference is composed of seven districts.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	all have had formal training in violin.
1	it displaces with a bore and stroke.
1	krylov received the following honours and awards.
1	there are 6 people who speak italian.
1	many contact explosives contain the nitro group.
1	sterzer was born on july 30 1934.
1	this section is named andrea syngrou avenue.
1	the viscountess hereford died in february 1864.
1	he was released on june 18 2012.
1	it was released by ibm in 1964.
1	this allowed riders to attack the group.
1	the body is called 'goodu' in kannada.
1	rangi-ruru presbyterian girls' school new zealand 1964.
1	then the mechs begin destroying human settlements.
1	d. students for the last 12 years.
1	he is currently a professor since 2015.
1	they were married on november 20 1853.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	they get in their trucks and go.
1	pilik is dedicated to commemorate the dead.
1	d. in immunobiology from iowa state university.
1	i know some people don't like frogs!
1	north liberty is located at (41.533029 86.430381).
1	at times she barely even sounds human.
1	he has a gang of friends also.
1	the acts are claimed by the suffragettes.
1	sophronius s. landt was enlisted in co.
1	it begins from the thing it ends.
1	and also second installment in this series.
1	in 1936 she was renamed ss mae.
1	p note or subjective objective assessment plan.
1	ruwedel was born in bethlehem pennsylvania usa.
1	masami has a crush on hiromi kashiwagi.
1	the leaves range from (sub)distichous to supopposite.
1	emergency services were called to the scene.
1	man is incredibly slow inaccurate and brilliant.
1	formally operated by the optare solo buses.
1	the falls drops over the sandstone outcrop.
1	she was buried in the yeni cami.
1	he also has a home in bergen.
1	he also acted in some of these.
1	dyatchenko only participated in the quarter final.
1	he was a brave and powerful king.
1	the population was 949 as of 2014.
1	it was also reviewed by kirkus reviews.
1	baconiana or certain genuine remains of sr.
1	the literacy of elavumthitta area is 94.70%.
1	it is incorporated into all cellular structures.
1	it was released on june 7 2011.
1	growing at the speed of life putnam.
1	he is married and has two children.
1	shaver was being operated by captain berry.
1	sacco is married and has four children.
1	it is found in kenya and tanzania.
1	after metamorphosis they are black in color.
1	the village has a population of 135.
1	he sold out on 28 august 1828.
1	neulander graduated from trinity college in 1963.
1	in this way it enables single sign-on.
1	all times are in minutes and seconds.
1	in 2012 the apwu had 330,000 members.
1	he was the father of arnold krug.
1	the season was won by alok shaw.
1	looney tunes cartoon directed by robert mckimson.
1	nearest major railway station is in bhalki.
1	she then acquired some more at anomabu.
1	stats reflect time with the penguins only.
1	it flew to anjou with four passengers.
1	this is the current iranian national record.
1	in 1858 keen married astbury's daughter hannah.
1	the fastest journey takes about an hour.
1	samuel was a barrister at lincoln's inn.
1	ruxley appealed to the house of lords.
1	only one conspiracy is known specifically though.
1	newer games are serviced from the front.
1	everything had disappeared after the chernobyl explosion.
1	ice planets consist of a global cryosphere.
1	these are generally the simplest playfield elements.
1	about ten families were forced to evacuate.
1	the subsequent restoration was completed in 1730.
1	scotiabank contact photography festival toronto canada 2015.
1	the kuttis self-destruct and destroy pakshi's drones.
1	the population was 410 as of 2010.
1	it is now used by steiner studios.
1	it contains a single species centropappus brunonis.
1	this surfaces as a fully reduplicated segment.
1	photos and videos went viral on twitter.
1	harmony school elementary school for english-speaking students.
1	she is managed by sunny side up.
1	carry fire received positive reviews from critics.
1	the current archbishop is liborius ndumbukuti nashenda.
1	alan powell is co-founder of anthem lights.
1	the exterior renovations were completed in 2014.
1	the total enrollment currently stands at 241.
1	the battalion disbanded on 21 may 1917.
1	he became a merchant shipbuilder and landowner.
1	kim gwan's sister and the king's concubine.
1	i still love that album very much.
1	he also represented belgian side sporting hasselt.
1	the film cost $3 million to produce.
1	no official retaliation of this sort occurred.
1	gary s. becker (1981 enlarged ed. 1991).
1	she married sir john vernon of hodnet.
1	the north slope of alaska ' diet.
1	he also had estates at kirby northamptonshire.
1	the sole purpose was to claim damages.
1	the original text was written in hebrew.
1	it was surrounded by a wide moat.
1	citycab is delgro group's taxi operations arm.
1	the service is geoblocked to the solomons.
1	nanabhoy palkhivala 82 indian jurist and economist.
1	he also promoted the indian famine codes.
1	many own a large area of land.
1	banksia serrata is also used in bonsai.
1	the major industrial employer is sharp corporation.
1	the abbey gardens are on the right.
1	new lighting and signage was also added.
1	they will play in the southern conference.
1	there were two children of the marriage.
1	banbury's medieval prosperity was based on wool.
1	visitors can view and feed the animals.
1	her father is a retired nuclear engineer.
1	for services to english and financial law.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	or where marginal revenue equals marginal cost.
1	coopervision's parent company the cooper companies inc.
1	it is a soft contact lens manufacturer.
1	he wrote several books on canadian history.
1	low-latency traders depend on ultra-low latency networks.
1	ins deepak is a built by fincantieri.
1	a deponent verb has no active forms.
1	st. willibrord elementary school for english-speaking students.
1	after realizing her mistake they started dating.
1	he nonetheless hires cecily as his housekeeper.
1	diablo would only last about 3 months.
1	reigned under the regency of his father.
1	hedges currently lives in princeton new jersey.
1	a penumbral lunar eclipse on june 27.
1	liechtenstein was prominent in the napoleonic wars.
1	kazo station opened on 6 september 1902.
1	the population is just over 4,000 people.
1	the colombian senate later rejects the treaty.
1	bill gadsby also played for both teams.
1	the series was co-produced with open university.
1	eqaluit is a commune in southern greenland.
1	the larvae feed on celtis and vaccinium.
1	maturation occurs in march april and may.
1	leith was born in trempealeau (village) wisconsin.
1	gallois retired from the army in 1957.
1	no specific regional measures are in place.
1	grandmont took office on april 12 2007.
1	he holds a bachelor's degree in arts.
1	they present a solution using simulated annealing.
1	don amador died on august 13 1992.
1	outdoor event space is available for rent.
1	these were fired at above the ground.
1	see more via the website at www.
1	he then discovers he has no more.
1	the first episode of pound puppies airs.
1	in 1970 the local league was created.
1	with walter de garmo and paul chalfin.
1	young tortoises are generally more colorful overall.
1	he served as rangers coach until 1950.
1	in 2019 the brumadinho dam disaster occurred.
1	and i was laughing at their ignorance.
1	he married doris speck (1899-1984) in 1920.
1	dixon became a solo performer in 1983.
1	fadl graduated from alexandria university in 1970.
1	to score three goals is not easy.
1	his life after this is a blank.
1	lt. h. waghorn in a supermarine s.6.
1	zhamanshin is a meteorite crater in kazakhstan.
1	texas hill country ava (1991) central texas.
1	fitzwalter's gang were also responsible for killings.
1	a typical performance takes around 7 minutes.
1	an annular solar eclipse on 15 january.
1	a typical performance takes around 9 minutes.
1	panama metro is the city's baseball team.
1	this staff includes a clinical treatment team.
1	august 8: the transformers: the movie premiers.
1	cbc radio has also featured her work.
1	the hell creek area hosts a marina.
1	it was described by snellen in 1880.
1	their names are a play on palindrome.
1	an important pre-roman site is hollingbury castle.
1	the crosslines are indistinct and dark brown.
1	wdr television program of 9 february 2005.
1	low stone kurgan burials begin to appear.
1	she was a daughter of thomas english.
1	on average the warmest month is august.
1	most rainfall occurs during winter and spring.
1	in addition the line would be electrified.
1	a new symphony will soon be released.
1	it erupted most recently in june 2021.
1	as of 2013 she worked for publicolor.
1	he was the first wide receiver selected.
1	the estonian national railway company was established.
1	hanafan graduated from thomas jefferson high school.
1	ten scottish songs rendered into german 1854.
1	a typical performance takes around 5 minutes.
1	the next year sir walter visited edgeworthstown.
1	he became archdeacon of hampstead in 1995.
1	behr speaks internationally on food and culture.
1	incessant support for extremist groups by pakistan.
1	there are two types of central collineations.
1	instant party with an edge of menace.
1	no other description is given for them.
1	ralph guldahl won the 6th masters tournament.
1	she was also awarded a bush fellowship.
1	archibald duncan galbraith cook steward merchant navy.
1	eg er ein annan septologien iii-v (2020).
1	elevation ranges from 3,300 to 3,700 feet.
1	she was then remanded to luzira prison.
1	sam provides sanctuary to dekka and armo.
1	texas high plains ava (1993) north texas.
1	elizaveta tuktamysheva replaced the injured sarah meier.
1	his manner was direct honest and straightforward.
1	winners are shown first with nominees underneath.
1	programming schedules operate on a semesterly schedule.
1	towards a political sociology of education 2005.
1	this conflict resulted in 10 dead cabiji.
1	the population was 2,877 as of 2010.
1	windows are pedimented and have decorative friezes.
1	the population was 20 people in 2006.
1	an admission fee is charged for tourists.
1	los trabajos de persiles y sigismunda (1617).
1	philippine folk dances volumes i to vi.
1	skeletons was released on june 1 2010.
1	he has been cited over 27,000 times.
1	a penumbral lunar eclipse on july 26.
1	those in bold still with either side.
1	ramsay-gibson-maitland died at the age of 56.
1	the chair is elected by the fpsc.
1	its first president was charles g. ridgeley.
1	but they were never employed in service.
1	approximately 500 persons were dependent on agriculture.
1	the same is true on the meridians.
1	over the years the size hasn't increased.
1	new hope is located at (35.000112 85.653332).
1	amada acres is located at (26.343264 98.739252).
1	it still weakens as it gets darker.
1	vol.41 of american mathematical society colloquium publications.
1	she announced her retirement in october 2008.
1	the historic plaza theatre is an anchor.
1	that ad was quickly pulled from rotation.
1	for services to interfaith and community cohesion.
1	it is 70 feet (21 meters) high.
1	these were the founders of rolling thunder.
1	bytedance has also been considered big tech.
1	eddie mays' extra point kick was blocked.
1	given to nike at the shugi ruins.
1	air wales originally operated dornier 228 aircraft.
1	in 1349 it was granted town rights.
1	leaves are linear opposite and stem clasping.
1	on the may 23 episode of smackdown!
1	copper acetylide is used as the catalyst.
1	their first two studio albums 1990's dammit!
1	the glasses were repaired and later reattached.
1	soundboard vol 22 no 4 spring 1996.
1	thomas barthel 74 german ethnologist and epigrapher.
1	and some i assume are good people.
1	hoffman estates is located at (42.063173 88.119256).
1	this is called frequency division multiplexing (fdm).
1	it was described by pic in 1944.
1	the dragon returned of cargo without packaging.
1	he was buried in rutland's evergreen cemetery.
1	it ran in 1984 completing 25 episodes.
1	modulation instability only happens under certain circumstances.
1	players can use everything as a weapon.
1	aruba was awarded a wild card spot.
1	then they were moved to frankfurt germany.
1	the incident is also recorded on film.
1	sayed mekawy 69 egyptian singer and composer.
1	quincy dejohn (george wallace): nikki's biological father.
1	as florida grew the commission's purpose expanded.
1	it was shut down in july 2005.
1	the band's music is almost purely instrumental.
1	the film was dedicated in bernard's memory.
1	in a merge theory s-h-c is derivative.
1	he was awarded the challenger medal posthumously.
1	his second wife was maria f. mcleod.
1	the post-war era was dominated by gottlieb.
1	the disc is dark blue or purple.
1	joam has several public and private schools.
1	bladud's son leir reigns for sixty years.
1	pepper falls for frazer and seduces him.
1	aveni is a youth exponent from catania.
1	she was allocated the code letters rbgf.
1	other spiral sculpture of numerous narrow striae.
1	lakeside villages were flooded and people displaced.
1	the prince is styled his royal highness.
1	the complainant was a yad l'achim member.
1	bruce wilsey suter was hyatt's doctoral advisor.
1	the allman brothers performed without derek trucks.
1	delaying puberty in individuals with precocious puberty.
1	three people were killed in that area.
1	a suitcase is a form of luggage.
1	d. k. wilgus francis lee utley 1907-1974.
1	ratanwadi is known for its boat rides.
1	mikan resigned from the aba in 1969.
1	he received his doctoral degree in 1900.
1	sir you can be sure about that.
1	there is also space for temporary exhibits.
1	and his son name is gaurav kumar.
1	it was described by pascoe in 1885.
1	one hundred and ninety-three others were injured.
1	this type of raising carries negative prestige.
1	arts council and european script fund awards.
1	he publicly announced i hate white people.
1	he played college football at georgia southern.
1	filming started 6 august 1966 in greece.
1	a byzantine studies journal established in 1892.
1	but the anger has a gathering quality.
1	he won the fight via split decision.
1	works can be either spiritual or secular.
1	communities were reintroduced and rural units deleted.
1	portrait of the artist b.n. yakovlev 1940s.
1	dallesasse received his b.s m.s and ph.
1	kemble was a founder of negotiation now!
1	he was released on august 30 2014.
1	the receptacles are forked at the tips.
1	however the denomination is very loosely organised.
1	the state chancery court issued the writ.
1	alice died in 1978 morrie in 1984.
1	gnrh analogues are available as generic medications.
1	johnson passed lowndes and held the lead.
1	the village has a population of 269.
1	action bias occurs among patients as well.
1	wolfe lost to incumbent democrat jay rockefeller.
1	the drivers resumed racing on lap 53.
1	byrd outspent wolfe $3 million to $200,000.
1	he sees nazeera standing there for him.
1	front man todd kowalski later joined propagandhi.
1	the twigs are covered with dense hairs.
1	above the tree line are alpine meadows.
1	several of its beers are bottle conditioned.
1	the album received a positive critical response.
1	the oroks also practiced fishing and hunting.
1	just know what you are getting into.
1	the river is named after rishi kapila.
1	he was succeeded by his son hugh.
1	sonarpur junction railway station is located nearby.
1	this is the natural course of things.
1	he was also a noted arts promoter.
1	schoen and shu founded breaktime in 2018.
1	her third book was published in 2009.
1	this was definitely a stretch for me.
1	the common english-language translation is urban areas.
1	these gave the brook its name rohrbach.
1	another pearler henry jermyn disappeared shortly afterwards.
1	in 1988 the first live recording alive!
1	it is found from europe to iran.
1	among them armazis-tsikhe tzitzamuri jvari and others.
1	the hotel itself provides high-end catering services.
1	sotheby's did not disclose the exact figure.
1	the following fourteen films received multiple nominations.
1	in 2011 17 villages had power supply.
1	feather colors are often produced by carotenoids.
1	the population was 3 as of 2002.
1	the line is located in evansville indiana.
1	since 1977 no commutation has been granted.
1	queen urraca died on 8 march 1126.
1	the method of execution is lethal injection.
1	mori finished thirteenth in the all-around final.
1	this time his partner was yuanjun liu.
1	in 1844 he was made a serjeant-at-law.
1	theodore later became a nationally known novelist.
1	both dukes died of the black death.
1	it is floored with 19th-century polychrome tiles.
1	knight's mechanic was injured in the crash.
1	the property is divided among a few.
1	the upper and lower curves also differ.
1	neal played college football at southern university.
1	the pageant was first held in 2010.
1	it was constructed between 1927 and 1930.
1	tuipulotu was born in auckland new zealand.
1	it was described by giesbert in 1998.
1	vimeo is a key example of this.
1	the thing gets experience for being moody.
1	the vela supernova remnant includes ngc 2736.
1	glazer was married to actress sharon lynn.
1	aik were dressed as the home team.
1	it was sometimes used for house siding.
1	in 2008 lapan successfully flew two rx-320.
1	nominations were announced on january 4 2000.
1	this process is referred to as code-switching.
1	the species is endemic to south america.
1	players get 16 cards each face down.
1	eminem wore black shorts and a hoodie.
1	there was no relegation system in place.
1	abdominal contamination infection and sepsis a continuum.
1	there are several reasons judaism requires this.
1	fatah is a critic of sharia law.
1	it received mixed reviews on its publication.
1	greene's letter to washington on 17 sept.
1	he was released on august 30 2022.
1	garcia won the election to succeed him.
1	the first white settlers arrived in 1836.
1	he was released on january 11 2021.
1	the main languages are tsez and hinuq.
1	an unsteady temperament is a serious fault.
1	he also holds a commercial pilot license.
1	the upstairs ceiling height is six feet.
1	in 2012 steinmetz opened stonecutter recording studios.
1	the population in 2020 was about 127,142.
1	geoffrey chaucer wrote a legend of hypermnestra.
1	in the article mediating communication: what happens?
1	it was once located in chatsworth california.
1	the goal of a unification is twofold.
1	the shinto wedding is a modern invention.
1	this is noted as a minus power.
1	so wai-nam as big eyed man's thug.
1	robert mallet 87 french writer and academic.
1	the porch features turned balusters and posts.
1	she died in buenos aires in 2002.
1	the paper ceased publication in april 2016.
1	he was an author of children's literature.
1	it was opened on 1 december 2015.
1	there are no longer any full-time farmers.
1	momotaro has no attacks of his own.
1	a ramada has a group picnic area.
1	the club's current manager is jussi nuorela.
1	the current executive committee includes five people.
1	armstrong currently lives and works in johannesburg.
1	despite good reviews early ratings were poor.
1	ingraham studies hormone-responsive nodes in the brain.
1	its most important use is for sculptures.
1	the horizon league does not sponsor football.
1	christensen has four children and many children.
1	its members are known as kabir panthis.
1	it designs and produces rocket propulsion systems.
1	however bennett did not win the title.
1	in july 2012 he joined kremin kremenchuk.
1	barbara mcilvaine smith is an american politician.
1	vietnamese americans numbered 47,331 of the population.
1	none of the victims were seriously injured.
1	it plays in the serbian volley league.
1	it is part of new england cuisine.
1	critical reaction to pulse demon was mixed.
1	in june 1962 she returned to santiago.
1	slug queens never lose their prestigious titles.
1	leon chwistek akt kobiecy motyle c. 1920.
1	at various times small detachments from nos.
1	he placed 6th in the said season.
1	her next appearance was arguably more significant.
1	he played college football at central florida.
1	he was released on september 7 2021.
1	he and meg have a close relationship.
1	she shoots herself and the car explodes.
1	it moved to orsha on 29 september.
1	she is classified as a b3 competitor.
1	the pair experimented with different musical styles.
1	their best new player was whiz morris.
1	dautillos inhabitants live off of the sea.
1	the marta subway line opened in 1981.
1	he was waived on august 6 2021.
1	grierson is a surname of scottish origin.
1	he is represented by catriona jeffries vancouver.
1	dudenhofen is a municipality in rhineland-palatinate germany.
1	women's participation in male fields was praised.
1	syndrome de heerfordt et maladie de besnier-boeck-schaumann.
1	in 1964 he was crowned as 'mr.
1	the championship was divided into two phases.
1	the relative pronoun is no longer inflected.
1	he transferred from the university of connecticut.
1	she decided to enter the sex trade.
1	in 2015 she joined the communist party.
1	potassium iodide has the chemical formula ki.
1	this cable was engineered by krarup himself.
1	the films is directed by ullas unnikrishnan.
1	events from the year 1652 in art.
1	in tamashek question particles precede the clause.
1	the game was nominated for three awards.
1	indicators 12.1.1 12.2.1 12.2.2 12.7.1 and 12.
1	alfonso was born in havana in 1967.
1	the toronto blessing is a transferable anointing.
1	similar functionality is found on windows machines.
1	most countries have laws outlawing anti-competitive behavior.
1	she is a labour activist in winnipeg.
1	the right hand held a transistor radio.
1	she corresponded with the poet johan elers.
1	every game counts so that was key.
1	it was described by gardiner in 1936.
1	the population was 3 as of 2002.
1	mr max douglas wurfel of south australia.
1	historical clues about yan's career are scarce.
1	kara's father dreilide thrace was a pianist.
1	the usual clutch is three white eggs.
1	the village has a population of 160.
1	poole's troubles did not end in cincinnati.
1	the reaction functions are not necessarily symmetric.
1	the fragrant flowers are white and yellow.
1	she is the sister of dorinda harney.
1	this belief turns out to be mistaken.
1	martin schoen (bass) between 1974 and 1982.
1	they supported a school and community center.
1	the purity of chemicals (see nine (purity)).
1	nanango is one of queensland's oldest towns.
1	occupation continues into the late bronze age.
1	it purchased guys snack foods in 1979.
1	details are covered on the appropriate page.
1	the electoral district covered the mogilev governorate.
1	in 1895 he purchased the buffalo enquirer.
1	the implication for believers seems clear enough.
1	it was described by gounelle in 1911.
1	akpabio eda later arrived with iba etok.
1	kinney is a native of dayton ohio.
1	each district is governed by a governor.
1	the cemetery is situated in remote farmland.
1	according to g. e. m. de ste.
1	the police commissioner cut open the aircraft.
1	the show ended on 9 march 2018.
1	he died suddenly in sydney in 1915.
1	he was mayor of brisbane in 1907.
1	seven of the sixteen wards were uncontested.
1	he dropped his bowl in the canteen.
1	the species has an almost naked tail.
1	the village has a population of 119.
1	these expert witnesses were carol bernstein md.
1	qaran is a village in eastern yemen.
1	lieutenant john samuel gordon-christian royal naval reserve.
1	windsor colliery was closed in november 1986.
1	villeroi also positioned powerful batteries near ramillies.
1	both of his grandfathers were chabad chassidim.
1	available projectiles included armor-piercing high-explosive and canister.
1	there's some good tristano-oriented bop writing here.
1	it has a sex ratio of 891.
1	he was born to a peasant family.
1	the character was named after the director.
1	this marine species occurs off new caledonia.
1	some are described in architectural history books.
1	she was raised and educated in belgrade.
1	the vessel was launched in january 2012.
1	double negative undertook the visual effects work.
1	the population was 70 as of 2010.
1	this relation makes a triple conjunction impossible.
1	many view the field from both perspectives.
1	the wrestlers are divided into 2 groups.
1	shepherd died at age 79 in lichtenburg.
1	they have two sons roland and philip.
1	group 4: andalusia ceuta extremadura and melilla.
1	he died four years into his reign.
1	the genome assembly size was 27.10 mbp.
1	knight of the order of saint hubert.
1	there is no secure software watermarking scheme.
1	overall turnout in the election was 34.04%.
1	turbo is a polish heavy metal band.
1	the houses are named after local landmarks.
1	the population was 113 as of 2010.
1	nilton pacheco 92 olympic basketball player (1948).
1	the league consist out of twelve teams.
1	each sign was larger than a cadillac.
1	this was later made the main runway.
1	the forewing ground colour is golden ochreous.
1	the woody axis is high and wide.
1	the tailor steps outside and notices felix.
1	the move was innovated by kenta kobashi.
1	rongellen has an unemployment rate of 4.8%.
1	hanlon retired as a decorated fdny firefighter.
1	with the partition of the roman emp.
1	harper lives in dallas with his family.
1	also known as a front flip ddt.
1	randy orton also occasionally uses this move.
1	by his hands we all are fed.
1	the second debate centered on economic issues.
1	he was two-time awa world heavyweight champion.
1	jean-paul franc (independent politician since march 2008).
1	a penumbral lunar eclipse on 6 august.
1	wolper told guillermin he was therefore sacked.
1	years of clean-up will drag into decades.
1	sunset over the scillies: william kimber 1975.
1	it was described by batten in 1990.
1	the oxford handbook of cognitive literary studies.
1	a picture shot in the back (intertitle).
1	leon trotsky the stalin school of falsification.
1	the winner received a purse of $2,970.
1	she quit university already after a year.
1	a remastered version was released in 1998.
1	its native range is tropical africa madagascar.
1	nadia and sabri have five children together.
1	rebekah shows up and snaps his neck.
1	primary prevention involves the avoidance of injury.
1	on april 19 they arrived in venice.
1	her financial independence underlies all the rest.
1	it has been subject to major excavations.
1	bachameah jeenat allee engine-room serang merchant navy.
1	the columella ends in a callous tubercle.
1	in 1809 the west barracks was built.
1	on the way trompeuse sighted two brigs.
1	bubba pinned jeff to win the match.
1	the run reportedly consisted of 108 units.
1	nevada is a governing member of sbac.
1	the sdpo ceased to exist in 2010.
1	the hindwings are grey-brown and relatively narrow.
1	work on the trail started in 1999.
1	she played in the 2010 winter olympics.
1	dale burnett 88 american gridiron football player.
1	they have different properties as explained below.
1	it showed during the wfl's initial draft.
1	crockett elected free agency on november 2.
1	the pool is replaced with a tree.
1	rasta filtering then removes slow channel variations.
1	the population remained unchanged as of 2000.
1	piddig is politically subdivided into 23 barangays.
1	kodhai arranges for thamizh to marry suhasini.
1	st stephen's anglican church opened circa 1896.
1	the sequel is currently in outline stage.
1	it also promotes awareness of injury prevention.
1	the film was edited without welles's involvement.
1	a promin based on a striking clock.
1	clearwater lake is long and averages wide.
1	frank robinson deputy superintendent bhagalpur jail bihar.
1	its purpose is to combat tax evasion.
1	also transylvania university is located in lexington.
1	the league ceased operations in april 2019.
1	light blue indicates toll section of motorway.
1	they are located all around the city.
1	no interpretation of this phenomenon is known.
1	it is found in kenya and uganda.
1	the previous elections were held in 2015.
1	dick spanner p.i. debuts on channel 4.
1	he was executed on 23 august 406.
1	in november 2020 antonucci's animation studio a.k.
1	wales rugby international lieutenant-colonel richard garnons williams.
1	he died in 1958 in cincinnati ohio.
1	the village has a population of 220.
1	construction of a water supply was imminent.
1	he was re-signed on january 5 2011.
1	grez grew up in a catholic household.
1	he played college football at northwestern state.
1	speedy gonzales and sylvester are chasing around.
1	in february 1950 let's make an opera!
1	matches were played on 14 february 1942.
1	the population was 21 as of 2002.
1	it was described by rothschild in 1912.
1	i don't want to be todd marinovich.
1	zenn produced its last vehicle in 2010.
1	this upazila's eighteen up population is 107408.
1	in 1992 gainer ran for state auditor.
1	they accompany bottu seenu to the palace.
1	but all of a sudden it was.
1	the population was 633 as of 2010.
1	externally stowed and launched weapons (especially torpedoes).
1	there is a parallel shift musically too.
1	cecil john bayliss grinder austin motor co.
1	duty in west virginia until march 1862.
1	condensed as ascent of the matterhorn (1879).
1	her husband was emperor wen (yuan baoju).
1	she had had damages repaired in 1803.
1	margaret galbraith headmistress rubislaw special school aberdeen.
1	hughes rg isaacs sl meier de (eds).
1	juliana leybourne was to marry three times.
1	restored in usn glossy sea blue color.
1	the artist attempts to reveal human naturalism.
1	digital rebellion chestnut colt 2012 by dubawi.
1	he belongs to the bharatiya janata party.
1	parchment paper is better for this use.
1	this established the first gaullist centre-right government.
1	the antemedial line is black and incomplete.
1	with boston he appeared in two games.
1	by william j. baker and john dransfield.
1	orby lies within the lincolnshire coast marshes.
1	novye kiyeshki is the nearest rural locality.
1	kalina returned to czechoslovakia after the war.
1	caples lost a controversial 10-round split decision.
1	griezmann correa and gameiro scored the goals.
1	constructionism ablex publishing corporation piaget norwood nj.
1	interlace bay colt 1930 by hurry on.
1	succeeded by the honoris crux (1975) (hc).
1	various organometallic and inorganic reagents are effective.
1	jeannie may be a nickname of jeannette.
1	sunk costs are distinct from economic losses.
1	there are 3 stands accommodating 1010 people.
1	wendy susan post is an american cardiologist.
1	robel asrat (born 1991) eritrean-american data scientist.
1	is it right to make a robin?
1	statistics accurate as of 21 july 2019.
1	automatic fund accounting was also under development.
1	the principal entrance is in the north-east.
1	it was created in paris in 1841.
1	he was archdeacon of killaloe from 1888.
1	remi is then restrained at the hideout.
1	the school is at 17 gretna boulevard.
1	in turn sega partially financed the film.
1	european local and regional elections take place.
1	the abdomen has ten tergites or sections.
1	gim galerie im medienhaven (bremen germany) 2010.
1	for political and public services in salisbury.
1	the regency covers an area of 1,753.
1	it was their first ever championship title.
1	she currently resides in hastings-on-hudson new york.
1	it was destroyed early in the event.
1	the community was established in january 2013.
1	delivered thousands of literary lectures throughout india.
1	it helps to eradicate prejudice against jews.
1	the leaves are cooked as a vegetable.
1	ij operates as a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt nonprofit.
1	clement gillman chief engineer railways tanganyika territory.
1	merle phillips died on december 30 2013.
1	monko teamed up with khaliavin in 2000.
1	the species is invasive in new caledonia.
1	the population was 1,019 as of 2010.
1	its architecture is by elkus manfredi architects.
1	he was the eldest son of al-mu'tasim.
1	nearest postoffice and telegraph at fort sully.
1	he graduated from oberlin college in 1979.
1	worldwide performances are planned starting in 2022.
1	inactivated due to budget cuts in 1978.
1	five matches were contested ay the event.
1	it is native to mexico and guatemala.
1	clearly the regatta had outgrown the site.
1	alexander cockburn 71 political journalist and writer.
1	this provision was widely ignored during removal.
1	the entire genus is endemic to madagascar.
1	in performance it lasts about 4 minutes.
1	prakash then takes refuge at valliammal's house.
1	northrop was divorced and had four children.
1	the beatles soundalikes were established dutch singers.
1	the club's home ground is milltown warrenpoint.
1	mr. d. w. maclean chaired the meeting.
1	jouett also helped general edward stevens escape.
1	it was painted white in the 1940s.
1	some encouraging results have already been achieved.
1	the award was first made in 2008.
1	they had one son and three daughters.
1	hlavaj made 11 saves on 13 shots.
1	all music written by the rhythm devils.
1	the school was finally closed in 1962.
1	more than 25,000 students attend the university.
1	this was ebsen's final motion picture role.
1	in 1921 maria raps married karl emhart.
1	the elegant palace is painted pure white.
1	he is currently employed with indian railways.
1	ames tribune tuesday-sunday paper produced in ames.
1	tarleton burned the wagons and continued onward.
1	the village has a population of 573.
1	they lived there until the boshin war.
1	on 29 march a second person died.
1	therefore he is scared of being alone.
1	jefferson rewarded jouett with some fine madeira.
1	oxford clarendon 2004 2nd ed. paperback 2007.
1	the population was 4 as of 2002.
1	for services to further education and teaching.
1	producer of les' copaque production burhanuddin md.
1	there is also an altar to silvanus.
1	the remaining 40 trees are not dedicated.
1	certified cheyenne language instructors taught daily classes.
1	he returned to czechoslovakia in early 1969.
1	cook county jail is in south lawndale.
1	it came out on february 23 2012.
1	results not in chronological order in 2020.
1	ridge was often sick as a child.
1	first amitriptyline has much stronger anxiolytic effect.
1	the game takes place over 12 levels.
1	zaga rehn also appears in the video.
1	he was brooklyn's first african-american state senator.
1	a new session house was also added.
1	nonetheless he still reveres his guru haridas.
1	the paving brick was replaced in 1984.
1	willy blok hanson 98 javanese-born canadian dancer.
1	their size at birth ranges from 30-35cm.
1	he decided to escape back to jin.
1	the upr is activated when grp78 a.k.
1	it takes place on the 11th day.
1	clark is a graduate of purdue university.
1	other documents however do not support it.
1	okayo started running while at primary school.
1	air power is a fantasy flight simulator.
1	this included performing examination duties at esquimalt.
1	he married in 1952 in south-west surrey.
1	dickson was born in gothenburg in 1810.
1	i remember one was an economics minister.
1	we're very excited to finally share this!
1	he made six appearances during the season.
1	all music is arranged by makoto matsushita.
1	bermuda's wife leslie is in there too.
1	harrellson was named first-team all-conference and all-region.
1	the season premier in 24 november 2013.
1	the latest race sailed in october 2017.
1	it was described by fall in 1928.
1	she also exhibited in antwerp in 1898.
1	today some 20 towers are still extant.
1	however sixteenth-century german society was predominantly illiterate.
1	waltalingen has an unemployment rate of 1.27%.
1	he did not hit any home runs.
1	the river deeis also rich in salmon.
1	there is wide variation in commercial ammunition.
1	everything is in her power to give.
1	the amigaos version is legacy and open-source.
1	he also continued to work with spain.
1	such products contain nuggets of the honeycomb.
1	the allegations included mistreatment and racial disparities.
1	it also describes a desired system proto.
1	the clock is being restored in 2020.
1	the species in japan is turbo sazae.
1	the restaurant has seating for 5,000 diners.
1	it was released on 01 january 2019.
1	il compasso e figura di fabritio mordente.
1	she attended new trier high school  1970.
1	it was described by bates in 1880.
1	it elects a single representative to vanuatu.
1	he married gertrude janet washington in 1895.
1	he retired from the gazette in 1999.
1	but it is certainly not a masterpiece.
1	wexler signed doug sahm among his acts.
1	an average age of students is 23.5.
1	they are multi-racial but identify as pequot.
1	she lives and works in cambridge massachusetts.
1	it is found on the iberian peninsula.
1	sullivan's travels (1941) directed by preston sturges.
1	first place wins $1000 honorable mentions $150.
1	additionally fishing employs 0.1% of the population.
1	roger johnson passed away in november 2021.
1	she married her husband in august 1993.
1	the blind girl by john everett millais.
1	he spent his summers in san francisco.
1	v. 1. a charter of human liberty.
1	these objectives have yet to be achieved.
1	the property is divided among a few.
1	he never once received a personnel complaint.
1	it grows in subalpine to alpine habitats.
1	ogilvie published dime novels and how-to books.
1	the site was subsequently developed for housing.
1	his brother damon played basketball at wisconsin-whitewater.
1	she co-starred in this film with fardin.
1	alan hollinghurst's novel the line of beauty.
1	in 2009 the website moved to ameba.
1	on special teams he made 44 punts.
1	brewster is served by brewster usd 314.
1	some of them are playing until now.
1	there is a single species orthoglymma wangapeka.
1	it can turn back things to normal.
1	mike lucas and will reconcile with dustin.
1	the orchestra's side walls contain decorative panels.
1	the incumbent bishop is john p. dolan.
1	the series was cancelled after one season.
1	the name kuhstall has two possible origins.
1	i guess he didn't have the breath.
1	most drivers are untrained unlicensed and uninsured.
1	the tournament concluded on january 5 2020.
1	it was described by ragonot in 1887.
1	epub 3.0 supersedes the previous release 2.0.1.
1	logan debuted for the braves in 1951.
1	he emigrated to new zealand in 1923.
1	he became captain in the horse militia.
1	in 1872 he died in mexico city.
1	the pharmacokinetics of norgestrel have been reviewed.
1	it were contested by states in malaya.
1	she was scrapped in etajima in 2011.
1	the charles l. sommers alumni association inc.
1	stayton authored the naval militiaman's handbook (1895).
1	after two seasons sillmon decided to transfer.
1	april 14 2016 vice-prime minister of ukraine.
1	the population was 38 as of 2010.
1	what sort of thinking mine caused this?
1	all were sentenced to federal prison terms.
1	norgestrel is available as a generic medication.
1	he has played for brazil national team.
1	february 2003: 32 european tourists are kidnapped.
1	all times are in minutes and seconds.
1	brian andreas 1979 writer painter sculptor publisher.
1	the cartoons have won an emmy award.
1	the tec meets regularly at the college.
1	the rouse hill hotel closed in 1891.
1	the station opened on 10 january 2000.
1	jakob ziv-el of interactive communication systems inc.
1	music's site has been consolidated into yahoo!
1	you're not going to see it again.
1	has the tetragrammaton in archaic hebrew script.
1	however this highway was decommissioned in 2020.
1	desmond walter-ellis died in 1994 aged 80.
1	there are several monuments in harmony grove.
1	a single species zhangheotherium quinquecuspidens is known.
1	its cries attract mandibuzz a natural predator.
1	he is the arch-nemesis of king wanda.
1	no climatically harmful waste gases are released.
1	he graduated with a degree in archaeology.
1	speckled wood (pararge aegeria) female 3 head.
1	he was subsequently named the game's mvp.
1	steph st. laurent actor and documentary filmmaker.
1	gotha's tram network was established in 1894.
1	it was released on december 10 2014.
1	malhotra's claims were criticized on social media.
1	several campaigners from the previous had died.
1	his father died when he was ten.
1	next tv awards 2005 top 10 programmes.
1	her nomination is pending before the committee.
1	his first publications are dated by 1932.
1	the village has a population of 1,100.
1	leeds united were reportedly interested in green.
1	he currently lives in hosur tamil nadu.
1	douglas was born in scotland circa 1869.
1	as such there is no incumbent councillor.
1	piano trio no.7 in a minor op.
1	the building's first floor had of space.
1	jean plaidy titles went out of print.
1	anne-marie is a french feminine given name.
1	even more remarkable than the 100 m.p.
1	the film stars kamal haasan and sridevi.
1	the israeli government however decided against pre-emption.
1	korhonen speaks hindi french finnish and arabic.
1	the mother gets shut in the cupboard.
1	quinn played for england's under 21 team.
1	sichuan is a province in southwest china.
1	her doctoral advisor was herbert s. cheng.
1	the statue was created by malcolm evans.
1	its first documented owner was catherine ahern.
1	she was appointed general curator in 1992.
1	railway work was introduced in the 1830s.
1	george warwick smith 83 australian public servant.
1	he won the bengal open in 2020.
1	dinas began his professional career at xanthi.
1	walter taylor 84 american anthropologist and archaeologist.
1	but later hutch took the majority stake.
1	she was buried in the yeni cami.
1	several noted women participated with their support.
1	he later described himself as retiring prematurely.
1	he also became an authority on origami.
1	stage 8: rogiet to chepstow: 10 miles.
1	the company was wound up in 1867.
1	he competed in the 1964 summer olympics.
1	and there is nothing else to this.
1	this completed caradon hill's switchover to digital.
1	it is classified under the genus oxyopes.
1	the mall opened on august 1 1973.
1	he has also managed several other clubs.
1	tom and biberherz old west adventure series.
1	he oversees every frame of his films.
1	his widow judy inherited half his estate.
1	vinod goenka is an indian real-estate developer.
1	has come out with modern football pattern.
1	in sweden the parallel form is hansson.
1	his favorite food is triangular steak bakes.
1	sebastian county arkansas is named for him.
1	the school offered gcses in some circumstances.
1	both pilots were killed in the crash.
1	no other description is given for them.
1	their team colors are maroon and white.
1	it was watched by 6.62 million viewers.
1	events from the year 2013 in brazil.
1	they have not however found a successor.
1	it is operated by the leona group.
1	the master franchisee is pt fastfood indonesia.
1	today nothing remains of the original hospital.
1	the trial continued for a year (1908-1909).
1	this darwinia may always have been rare.
1	the house had been price's summer residence.
1	it can be very active when foraging.
1	balmuda has drawn comparisons to apple inc.
1	around 18.2% of students are economically disadvantaged.
1	do not linger outside the front door.
1	christ praying at the mount after correggio.
1	i have no doubt they were not.
1	she became his second wife in 1935.
1	au-devant de marchand discours paris malverge 1899.
1	the elevators were also constructed from plywood.
1	it is the capital of achacha district.
1	christopher rhodes greene house 2 potter ct.
1	all female housemates were immune this week.
1	rosita serrano 84 chilean singer chronic bronchitis.
1	temple of athena (paestum) in campania constructed.
1	this leads to his aversion to women.
1	it is thematically appropriate in that space.
1	forty-three sport shooters from seven nations competed.
1	st.julien's chapel dating from the fourteenth century.
1	one day the bullies start to die.
1	it got me away from my mother.
1	she did her first playback in 2009.
1	she married twice and had a son.
1	sergeant mike cosgrove a character from freakazoid!
1	the village has a population of 210.
1	the two forces locked in hand-to-hand fighting.
1	baxter co-wrote 8 of the 12 tracks.
1	charles d. owen house 23 nayatt rd.
1	the females look the same as rubronotata.
1	the song was produced by john hug.
1	with cooperation executive film producer boodee keerthisena.
1	internationally she represents the serbian national team.
1	the vishnudharmottara purana is a vaishnava-tradition text.
1	this edition has a catalog number epje-5035.
1	the buffalo too sides with the wolf.
1	his father had commanded the militia artillery.
1	they were married from 1921 to 1929.
1	it was released on june 18 2010.
1	the sand monitor is a relentless forager.
1	in 1927 fitzgerald became minister for defence.
1	sergey severtsev wrote the russian language libretto.
1	fellow of the zoological society of london.
1	see table below for typical values used.
1	they become the mistress's mountain craftsmen forever.
1	hessian was developed by caucho technology inc.
1	laughlin solar field a conventional solar farm.
1	the band was eventually disbanded in 1976.
1	elms is a four-year liberal arts college.
1	it is believed the uda was responsible.
1	it is believed the uda was responsible.
1	it occurs as a vagrant in burundi.
1	since 2000 he has lived in greece.
1	the order runs fifty-six hospitals in brazil.
1	un-habitat has provided founding and operational support.
1	he held that position for ten years.
1	the film was a box office failure.
1	o'neal married actress cynthia baxter in 1956.
1	miguel received six awards from fifteen nominations.
1	the five police officers surrendered without resistance.
1	the goan struggle continued for many years.
1	their son hubertus knabe became a historian.
1	conducting elections for municipal panchayats in state.
1	dalian menzi is a famous local snack.
1	julia ormond as eustacia cutler temple's mother.
1	illustrations and enquiries relating to mesmerism pt.
1	mohor comes to kolkata for her job.
1	december 14: provincial by-election in calgary-lougheed alberta.
1	its annual festival is elgin cheese days.
1	imagerie for medium voice and piano op.
1	this sort of tissue is called pseudostratified.
1	professor archibald cox for harvard law school.
1	it was opened on 28 october 2016.
1	her port of registry was portland oregon.
1	teams in bold still play in sm-liiga.
1	it has been ghostwritten by kim morris.
1	playground with facilities for games and sports.
1	selene colburn was born in burlington vermont.
1	cluett jonathan m.d. medial collateral ligament treatment.
1	holtzman won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	u-46 sank three during the three-day battle.
1	neckarsteinach has a wealth of historic buildings.
1	in 1923 he married gunhild jenssen (1899-1986).
1	passenger numbers grew to 4,000 by 1939.
1	gavari's first son girolamo (jerome) died young.
1	she was no longer listed after 1815.
1	among his pupils there was john foster.
1	he finished the project a year later.
1	to avoid prosecution he fled to montreal.
1	communities at least partly within the parish.
1	piano trio no.1 in d major op.
1	claude monet painter spent much time here.
1	the mistress of the copper mountain appears.
1	east quincy is located at (39.935153 120.907670).
1	he then received his masters and ph.
1	laurent's sister rose-marie remains as sole proprietor.
1	he never appeared in an nhl game.
1	v-4 was the behemoth of its class.
1	feedback information updates a person's knowledge base.
1	it headquarters is located at entebbe uganda.
1	the current format was established in 1903.
1	there are roughly 220 students per house.
1	the spring street plant closed in 1902.
1	big miller 69 american musician heart attack.
1	its application scored 17 of 20 points.
1	his daughter bertha married daniel conner lathbury.
1	it is situated on the claytor lake.
1	later they were called as devrukhe brahmins.
1	events from the year 1754 in france.
1	among the more common varieties are var.
1	as cerf noted this broke montenier's heart.
1	they founded we cut corners in 2011.
1	the town is first mentioned about 1250.
1	he played college football at east carolina.
1	the augmentor looks like a dentist's chair.
1	she did not want it to happen.
1	the couple had a son stephen carnovsky.
1	her party was most popular in amsterdam-zuidoost.
1	factor-dependent terminators require proteins for proper termination.
1	sahni is situated on the phagwara-hoshiarpur road.
1	it consists of a two-part film series.
1	however the same scenario occurred in 2012.
1	pseudodovireya (c.b.clarke) argent type rhododendron vaccinioides hook.
1	no points are awarded for a loss.
1	she turned against her critics with aggressiveness.
1	the train services are operated by nordwestbahn.
1	this phase of government cooperation was short-lived.
1	there were 2 competitions in a year.
1	it is a two-story masonry vernacular building.
1	one of them resembles an electric shaver.
1	he was born in zhlobin homel belarus.
1	it was made at central studios coimbatore.
1	keeler's hotel until his death in 1827.
1	at the time this was not known.
1	off field events often overshadowed the cricket.
1	galter's designs were often drawn in watercolor.
1	he married elizabeth starling gifford in 2003.
1	certain classrooms are also provided with air-conditioners.
1	the zambian government denied zesco privatization allegations.
1	he played for cities district in 1893.
1	listed below are subdivisions in this barangay.
1	the genus is endemic to new caledonia.
1	the l shaped site borders football pitches.
1	outlaw is a member of the links.
1	thus the 'calendar riot' fiction was born.
1	in 2022 the firm experienced significant losses.
1	johor were unable to raise a team.
1	the school has a numerous events throughout.
1	these heavyweight insects can be over long.
1	it was dedicated on june 14 1947.
1	the game features character illustrations by lam.
1	most people took it at face value.
1	the contract was signed in october 2015.
1	scouts learn skills in roping and horsemanship.
1	falcon heights is located at (26.560372 99.122493).
1	it is a 1998 ccbc choices book.
1	the soundtrack album consists of six tracks.
1	humans have been discovered on the outworlds.
1	it has stereo loudspeakers with akg tuning.
1	shooting for the film began in 2013.
1	these have included art technology and science.
1	election cancelled as no valid nomination received.
1	the film duration was also edited down.
1	yugoslav officials say 75 people were killed.
1	the village has a population of 40.
1	egyptian pyramids were erected in their honor.
1	the script was written by pernilla oljelund.
1	this debate has not yet been solved.
1	the site is fully owned by tv4.
1	piano trio no.1 in e minor op.
1	however that wasn't a priority for boeckling.
1	a boiler-room explosion damaged her in 1941.
1	the population was 861 as of 2010.
1	their son justin was born in 1968.
1	the architecture is adapted to the mountains.
1	young larvae are green with pale stripes.
1	in march mori had an ankle injury.
1	in 1912 a two-story school was erected.
1	atago was one of the ships hit.
1	the buildings were eventually demolished in 1999.
1	and all the men wear cowboy hats.
1	nuckolls died in 1987 from aids-related complications.
1	he renovated masjid-e jami and madrasa-e abdallah.
1	county governments often ceased to operate altogether.
1	usher) kenny chesney and lady gaga (feat.
1	principal photography began on the film casablanca.
1	iguano an iguana egg and coco's second-in-command.
1	however its headwaters are on hazleton soil.
1	both sides lost tanks to the terrain.
1	crushed when a skeleton falls on him.
1	he retired from his post in 1952.
1	it is majority owned by victoria group.
1	istanbul sheikh zafir complex december 2015 5945.
1	the town has a population of 1,258.
1	she came about and returned to hawaii.
1	no accident report was filed with police.
1	evelyn was educated at trinity college dublin.
1	he holds more than 70 u.s. patents.
1	ferguson was not appointed to lyon's cabinet.
1	van der elst was born in opwijk.
1	he represented the estonian socialist workers' party.
1	the protesters were forcibly removed by police.
1	the poe contains api and abi specifications.
1	in addition faculty publishes 6 scientific journals.
1	the federal monument is a living house.
1	urban cluster (uc) in the us census.
1	next season a second-level league was created.
1	it is found in brazil and argentina.
1	the total itinerary reached 345,823 nautical miles.
1	soriano had six rbi the previous game.
1	the blairsden post office opened in 1913.
1	sutovsky is the fide ceo since 2022.
1	it was named after the voio mountains.
1	in 1991 he resigned from the nypd.
1	he finished this degree in july 1950.
1	they prefer to inhabit cool clear streams.
1	it is found on the solomon islands.
1	wiso g then delivers his respective verse.
1	these include alternatives to dissection in schools.
1	it is known from guizhou in china.
1	his book europe was published in 1907.
1	andronikos palaiologos lord of thessalonica (d. 1429).
1	the western dwars were created in 1865.
1	this process was completed by december 2018.
1	hoyle won the may 17 democratic primary.
1	alexander was born on august 22 1880.
1	rimando played well despite 10 degree temperatures.
1	the crystal burned in the 1913 fire.
1	the boat had a complement of forty-eight.
1	events from the year 1582 in art.
1	in 1997 henkel purchased the loctite corporation.
1	the settlement has undergone numerous subsequent changes.
1	haki is an albanian masculine given name.
1	valen stopped conducting the choir in 1997.
1	the four fords became popular around 1910.
1	the population was 184 mostly of scots.
1	nearby is the king george v stadium.
1	the railway line is almost fully electrified.
1	the number-plate of matt's hearse was mf-47.
1	he also guest-starred on the alcoa hour.
1	lok was born in 1912 in china.
1	all times are central standard time (utc-6).
1	some athletes have essentially become professional pacemakers.
1	i could trust him with my life.
1	short stories and novels began to appear.
1	he graduated from yale college in 1828.
1	there are beautiful views from the top.
1	all 53 seats were up for election.
1	lara kidnaps dilan and his two men.
1	this mode was deprecated in windows vista.
1	his reign was from 1506 to 1547.
1	olmstead is married and has two children.
1	it is known from indonesia's seram island.
1	in spain sweet potato is called boniato.
1	large crucibles and other forms were manufactured.
1	darbytown road october 7-13 and december 10.
1	there was no settlement until the 1950s.
1	but paulino's future lay with the accordion.
1	units were built with diameters and ranges.
1	in february krishna raised and salvaged pcf-4.
1	the community was first settled circa 1804.
1	in response the french proclaimed martial law.
1	it is currently used for football matches.
1	the competition consisted of individual events only.
1	eventually vicenza relegated as the losing side.
1	eventually abhisheka recovers and reunites with lara.
1	streets around the hospital were blocked off.
1	the guerrillas also had depleted their ammunition.
1	it was the sixth world sportscar championship.
1	the 135th anniversary was celebrated in 2017.
1	are you on the television or something?
1	bnei yehuda were promoted as runners up.
1	the music of kate bush as well.
1	the airline operated from 2002 until 2017.
1	five years later the pier was rebuilt.
1	it is two blocks south of downtown.
1	he is married to karen elliott house.
1	fiber optics were utilized throughout the car.
1	it was an affiliate party of libertas.
1	margaret brandon lovell later married hugh manning.
1	gamahariya is a panchayat of this village.
1	since 1974 turkey follows european summer time.
1	abhisheka realizes lara's truth and hates him.
1	the first competition took place in 2011.
1	france is the world's second-largest hip-hop market.
1	it was described by breuning in 1977.
1	shasta vi died on august 4 2022.
1	port lions is located at (57.868070 152.880047).
1	the school's team name is the bullets.
1	no major changes have occurred since then.
1	he was later buried in yoff cemetery.
1	the game was played in 35-minute halves.
1	the adult's emergence begins earlier further south.
1	the station was opened in november 2017.
1	birds are common predators of z. vivipara.
1	he served until his retirement in 1950.
1	skiing resumed on joppenbergh in the 1960s.
1	the ruined house by reuven (ruby) namdar.
1	police tried to break up both demonstrations.
1	little is known about his early life.
1	the film stars shiva rajkumar and nirosha.
1	sato is married and has three children.
1	election history of district 21 from 1992.
1	three volumes of injection have been released.
1	he played for the japan national team.
1	gazoo appeared in the final season only.
1	shepherd owned a number of steam locomotives.
1	he played for edinburgh wanderers in 1902.
1	the town has a population of 1,656.
1	the latter was later moved to abc.
1	spirit is beyond the realm of creation.
1	he said i like that dark stuff.
1	the game was played in 20-minute halves.
1	a circle circumference and radius are proportional.
1	sciarrino started composing the opera in 1996.
1	the show ended in early october 2016.
1	his extravagance kept him in constant trouble.
1	for first-time pilgrims this visit is essential.
1	after furious fighting antonius' army entered rome.
1	landing is not allowed on the island.
1	silverwood is the park district's newest acquisition.
1	he owns ranbag islami tea estate company.
1	his brother robert also played first-class cricket.
1	clements was an outfielder for houston baptist.
1	the species is found in northern australia.
1	gerald mcdermott 71 american filmmaker and author.
1	he is skilled in hunting magical beasts.
1	the building was used as a warehouse.
1	they also delivered medical and food supplies.
1	dipodium variegatum is a leafless mycoheterotrophic orchid.
1	in july 2010 cbs radio launched radio.
1	instances of squirrel kings have been reported.
1	his widow afterwards married capt. e. walker.
1	it gradually grew to encompass multiple counties.
1	friederike was described as witty and charming.
1	music was composed by k. v. mahadevan.
1	adiseshayya also dismisses sujatha from her job.
1	in 1948 he established honda motor co.
1	white fir can live over 300 years.
1	net 1.x collections rather than replacing them.
1	natives of the town are called pecheros.
1	lindsay jack ed. autobiography of joseph priestley.
1	a typical performance lasts half an hour.
1	hawaiian pidgin has falling intonation in questions.
1	sundays were devoted mostly to gospel programming.
1	the episode gained positive responses from critics.
1	elizabeth brewster 90 canadian poet and academic.
1	they lived in rockdale at lydham hall.
1	bring a trail map and good footwear.
1	the resistance flag is raised at commemorations.
1	the region has great variety in landscape.
1	the eastern heights rests on proterozoic bedrock.
1	it is located on calle almirante bonifaz.
1	warning was a uk-based doom metal band.
1	verbena verbena la virgen de la cueva.
1	wooden started lee over curtis that season.
1	series creator toshiro tsuchida acted as director.
1	passenger express and superfast trains halt here.
1	the boulevard is an important traffic axis.
1	tempestini made his competition debut in 2009.
1	he was trained by tony ayala sr.
1	on march 31 2017 season 11 aired.
1	does what they know constitute a science?
1	this letter is mentioned by pieter bor.
1	the village has a population of 150.
1	soc's petrochemical complex is located near brega.
1	the soundtrack also uses pre-existing music tracks.
1	unlike sheldon she is emotional and careless.
1	the network gave johnson a script commitment.
1	she will be based in scottsdale arizona.
1	she has never been heard from again.
1	it begins with 12 strikes of midnight.
1	in 2019 it celebrated its 30th edition.
1	it is generally sung as rajasthani folksongs.
1	a singular charm pervades all her verse.
1	annual plant species are almost completely dominant.
1	topo gigio is a unique free-spirited mouse.
1	they got 10 seats with 4.6% vote.
1	java does not feature unsigned integer types.
1	copulation occurs over 10 to 30 minutes.
1	chadwick andrew and howard phillip n. eds.
1	harriet inherited the talents of both parents.
1	this collection contains more than 140,000 items.
1	this collection contains more than 15,000 items.
1	in 1469 he nationalized gunpowder and weapons.
1	music was released on saregama audio company.
1	they are each about 3150 m high.
1	neoedge provided advertising inside online casual games.
1	after her husband died she traveled extensively.
1	in hong kong the film grossed 292,664.
1	the rectory was previously a maternity home.
1	the trial started on 30 september 2004.
1	wounded in the battle of belchite (1937).
1	ulcerative colitis may improve and enter remission.
1	her father worked at the naval shipyard.
1	she did not advance to the semifinals.
1	jenny invites her to her wedding reception.
1	allegra clark voices tanjiro as an infant.
1	jones underwent gastric bypass surgery in 2003.
1	its neighbouring villages are trent and neuenkirchen.
1	the 2014 season consists of two stages.
1	to faction an end to wealth increase.
1	the spoken languages are punjabi and urdu.
1	these tanks have a more blocky appearance.
1	killed in the battle of jarama 1937.
1	it was published on october 30 2018.
1	the village is home to marko's monastery.
1	the regency covers an area of 4,355.
1	he attended palmerston north boys' high school.
1	summer fog is common below about elevation.
1	zakarian prevailed and was named the winner.
1	the columella is straight and anteriorly attenuated.
1	zoroaster does not succumb to the trick.
1	he feels every line that he utters.
1	beryl belongs to the hexagonal crystal system.
1	postwar she participated in operation magic carpet.
1	the expansion was decided by the figc.
1	section of manifesto'' dealing with bourgeois socialism.
1	finally the tape is played backwards again.
1	maria then competed at the sony open.
1	major league baseball has several blackout rules.
1	camp elk river is near zimmerman mn.
1	zur ausstellung im deutschen medizinhistorischen museum ingolstadt.
1	she won $225,000 her biggest-ever prize money.
1	he grew up in marin county california.
1	a transcendent tale of love and retribution.
1	around this time drummer sudoh toshiaki quit.
1	urbandale uses the council-manager form of government.
1	it's badge is similar to fc barcelona.
1	this prompted hlouch's release in april 1963.
1	it is the hydrolysis product of melamine.
1	groupie doll won her next five races.
1	but as you know things must change.
1	few details are available in her case.
1	he always denied that carranza was murdered.
1	the reunited lovers are overjoyed and grateful.
1	while in italy it sold 100,000 copies.
1	he wants to go back to america.
1	after it plays twice mercury's vocals enter.
1	analog channel 28 has since gone dark.
1	the transaction was finalized on october 12.
1	scoring it was usually a complicated task.
1	since 2009 radio america has handled syndication.
1	asl aviation group is registered in dublin.
1	sarigan was originally settled by the chamorros.
1	the center commenced its own internal investigation.
1	he founded and directed the tobago news.
1	sergeant richard thomas jones monmouthshire home guard.
1	efforts were being made to reduce emissions.
1	it was actually one of marik's servants.
1	the village has a population of 140.
1	the game received unfavourable reviews from critics.
1	no. 2196010 private thomas lavender pioneer corps.
1	basudeb sautya of inc won in 1972.
1	sitravatinib is being developed by mirati therapeutics.
1	thereafter it was used as a storehouse.
1	in the episode bunny distracts the porter.
1	catherine sloper ms austin and catherine's daughter.
1	varuna reached st helena on 19 may.
1	the population was 262 as of 2010.
1	the indian embassy is located in amman.
1	the bangor edition serves bangor and groomsport.
1	looms were not controlled by the guilds.
1	a third bridge was completed in 2020.
1	there are several windows and two doors.
1	these plans typically had several bombardment phases.
1	ginsburgh spoke out very clearly against violence.
1	he had nine opportunities to ride descent.
1	in-person voting opened at 10:00 am pdt.
1	in radiation environments liquid lubricants can decompose.
1	one person was killed several were injured.
1	she arrived san pedro 6 january 1946.
1	jonathan is trained in various martial arts.
1	testimony of a tunis jew 22 chap.
1	the very top button is number 1.
1	it was released on july 11 2017.
1	in 1973 struminsky successfully defended his d.sc.
1	after this the highway enters strong township.
1	a tribute to george and ira gershwin.
1	u s national arboretum washington d.c. us.
1	the day of creation of slovak republic.
1	from that point two rival groups formed.
1	blackhouse (1977 mountain cat no: top 32).
1	only a few were able to escape.
1	after then cyclization occurs to produce indole.
1	the tron theatre took the real wurld?
1	skating is a batchy sweaty funky life.
1	glazing took place from 1669 to 1670.
1	little is known of his early years.
1	octavio paz called him the innocent poet.
1	a manual of examination of the eyes.
1	the a130 connects the district with chelmsford.
1	events in the year 2018 in mozambique.
1	he never married and left no descendants.
1	fighting also occurred between israel and syria.
1	les plumes du coq actes sud 1995.
1	results not in chronological order before 2015.
1	i love playing with those guys though.
1	zeca plays and the sun comes up.
1	there are two cycles first and second.
1	the female man includes several fictional worlds.
1	because you do not intimidate a cop.
1	the two central characters of farewell gulsary!
1	boors in a tavern after j. molenaer.
1	time to speak international publishers (may 1989).
1	the seventh reaches to the terminal incision.
1	st. anne teaching the virgin after rubens.
1	first union corporation was incorporated in 1967.
1	peeter meert portrait painter after c. caukercken.
1	he then reverted to the under-21 team.
1	shortly after the mob was finally dispersed.
1	pessoa started using pen names quite young.
1	there was a virtual carnaval in 2020.
1	masks are sometimes used to avoid recognition.
1	the state religion of egypt is islam.
1	he was waived on september 5 2011.
1	from march through may 2009 the su.
1	in 1850 the town processed of timber.
1	growing to tall and in trunk diameter.
1	the average commute time is 27.4 minutes.
1	the handedness of the image is unchanged.
1	this marine species occurs off the philippines.
1	the fruit forms in august to november.
1	a typical performance lasts around 45 minutes.
1	afterwards luka is promoted to regiment commander.
1	f. c. donders paris : steinheil 1889.
1	it is an overhead cam twelve-valve engine.
1	ruby rose ended up taking the title.
1	he was a regular on the poweruser.
1	he was reported missing on june 29.
1	they had three children and nine grandchildren.
1	the music was composed by vijay anand.
1	spencer played and recorded with gibson bros.
1	all of the judges kept their seats.
1	guru nanak visited this site around 1516.
1	he was re-elected to a full term.
1	dec 26 2017: extension to jinghe opened.
1	volume 2. anatomidae larocheidae depressizonidae sutilizonidae temnocinclidae.
1	the group still regularly performs both songs.
1	for services to the community in birmingham.
1	all athletes with two or more medals.
1	physical training mechanics plays a major medicine.
1	akuasnia railway station lies to the southeast.
1	de chambrun married clara longworth de chambrun.
1	sikhism makes up 0.05% in southern thailand.
1	somalis mainly spell this name as jamaal.
1	dr radford also donated his obstetrical museum.
1	residents of villarrica are known as villarricences.
1	she passed away a few hours later.
1	its value is stated as $31 million.
1	fernando de carvalho conducted all the songs.
1	the first area has already been created.
1	aunt becka carrie's paternal aunt a spinster.
1	bergamasco m. bardy b. gopher d. (eds).
1	the venter is paler than the dorsum.
1	events from the year 2012 in afghanistan.
1	he won the fight by unanimous decision.
1	miguel montuori 65 italian argentine football player.
1	it remained his sole official international appearance.
1	she signed to parlophone in january 2022.
1	he played all seven matches as goalkeeper.
1	did she a report on pandering politicians?
1	aiming is the youngest of the trio.
1	the affinity diagram is a bottom-up method.
1	lu was born in cishan kaohsiung taiwan.
1	she was launched on 25 may 1678.
1	verkh barangol is the nearest rural locality.
1	his group arrived unexpectedly at montagu's rear.
1	it is produced by ehsan muhammad hasani.
1	with time such duties often became archaic.
1	lynch robert m. the sonoma valley story.
1	the majority of the population is hispanic.
1	it attracts up to 800,000 tourists annually.
1	this effect was first theorized in 1958.
1	this causes less trauma to the skin.
1	mr jeffrey richard preiss of south australia.
1	now there is also the red trevi.
1	in 1965 celibidache married ioana procopie dumitrescu.
1	on september 12 1916 smith unexpectedly died.
1	universal edition viena ue31247 published in 1998.
1	burke's body was discovered the next day.
1	carrbridge opened 8 july 1892 still open.
1	the community's per capita income was $80,422.
1	here he founded his extensive family archive.
1	martin's tigers posted 91 wins in 1971.
1	prem's grandfather does not support the marriage.
1	the treaty came into force after ratification.
1	filming wrapped in july of that year.
1	he won both of them by tko.
1	in 2006 he retired as professor emeritus.
1	nevertheless three essential differences can be observed.
1	eardred was a medieval bishop of dunwich.
1	results video and photos are available here.
1	this marine species occurs in new zealand.
1	a digital remixes ep was also published.
1	the whole structure is 12 meters tall.
1	the stables are grade ii listed buildings.
1	so police started their investigation to madras.
1	south wants five tricks from this suit.
1	the upgraded trains are re-branded as memus.
1	it has a 2,400-meter runway (class 4c).
1	i have nothing personal against anna lindh.
1	an treas clo-bhualadh le mineachadh agus soilleireachd.
1	however a settlement was founded here later.
1	he founded the first school in veroia.
1	the walls also have clothes hanging pegs.
1	the club's library is named for him.
1	the extension was completed in september 2013.
1	british railways added 40000 to their numbers.
1	scott has voted progressively in the house.
1	she sold the property in fall 1947.
1	the couple married on 22 march 1980.
1	in 1965 she released her first album.
1	douglas haig as i knew him (1966).
1	this move saw nbc partner with xoom.
1	the town hall was constructed in 1860.
1	she does not stand cockiness and irresponsibility.
1	the two started on the wrong foot.
1	this is a difference of one semitone.
1	kodansha is the largest publisher in japan.
1	it is also known as hollywood stuntmen.
1	she died there on 22 august 1983.
1	it is active year-round in many areas.
1	not even the local clergy was spared.
1	it also uses notch and post sights.
1	the communists on education and the war.
1	this system led to counter-productive inter-service rivalry.
1	the team was the sole asian finalist.
1	the first call was published in dr.
1	he also collected paintings by old masters.
1	their daughter nele was born in 1941.
1	it was founded on july 23 1930.
1	the cia changed the title to argo.
1	she continued to work as a researcher.
1	he was born in sulphur springs texas.
1	on the contrary sreehari nair of rediff.
1	this involvement matched her commitment to revolution.
1	the inner three are a little longer.
1	in defense of national history and dignity.
1	she met female reformers and visited schools.
1	pebble users and enthusiasts created the rebble.
1	they had two sons and three daughters.
1	colonel gray is home to many sports.
1	proceedings of royal society london b. 270:709-712.
1	amaravati's palaces are also made of gold.
1	the delegation was bannered by 46 athletes.
1	closed stations are shown in normal font.
1	knm hitra was commanded by ingvald eidsheim.
1	each character specializes in one dance style.
1	all earlier issues will eventually be added.
1	hall was re-elected to a full term.
1	lynk died december 29 1956 aged 85.
1	police believe the blaze was deliberately lit.
1	history of the five dynasties vol. 97.
1	eine elementargeometrische eigenschaft von verschlingungen und knoten.
1	for service to the community of brisbane.
1	then herf jumped in with similar criticisms.
1	the trail is located on private property.
1	this is a special kind of dumplings.
1	from 1949 all 26 seats were redistricted.
1	his reign was from 1237 to 1280.
1	initially bear work toward the bear badge.
1	dicenzo played for legendary coach foster cass.
1	they are the parents of four children.
1	first light occurred on 27 april 1974.
1	in 2017 in his book telling today.
1	accuracy is valued much more than fluency.
1	in 1594 cambodia was attacked by siam.
1	there were only about 600 french casualties.
1	the ministry offices are in phnom penh.
1	the population was 381 as of 2010.
1	a or is a formula without variables.
1	he appeared semi-regularly until the series ended.
1	ratheesh 48 indian film actor heart attack.
1	in 2006 the artist was finally commissioned.
1	horses have evolved to live in herds.
1	stats reflect time with the sabres only.
1	he printed much of his father's works.
1	she broke up with her boyfriend afterwards.
1	kamali was born in dorood in 1953.
1	however he could not play many matches.
1	the school mascot is a trojan warrior.
1	it has 790 bridges and 160 tunnels.
1	her first editorial was for russh magazine.
1	it is found in australia including tasmania.
1	as a follower of michael davitt fr.
1	he got it with his sound-absorbing pieces.
1	there is no cure to the disease.
1	he played two seasons at the club.
1	lee merkle field is the local airport.
1	republican mark hilton won the open seat.
1	but i do not share this optimism.
1	he arrived in moravia an impoverished fugitive.
1	kuznetsov is currently buried in lviv ukraine.
1	in 2011 census bozcaada's population was 2,472.
1	william bowie medal american geophysical union 1996.
1	vi yet another change to the breech.
1	the associated name day is november 28.
1	he rejoined hakoah vienna the following season.
1	la veta is located at (37.507681 105.008038).
1	in middlesex he was tenant-in-chief of chelsea.
1	the population apparently farmed and raised animals.
1	raoul gradis married suzanne fould in 1888.
1	it is based in georgetown south carolina.
1	he remained bishop until july 22 2009.
1	mixed females exhibit both of these advantages.
1	ss rondo was a steam cargo ship.
1	the game was played in 20-minute halves.
1	this branding is no longer in use.
1	observing time is available to astronomers worldwide.
1	the county was to pay $4.5 million.
1	in may 1963 mitchell acquired 100% ownership.
1	its occurrence in the wild is unknown.
1	it was named after magistrate lachlan mcalister.
1	ram chandra tiwari is a nepalese politician.
1	the leaves are screwed along the stems.
1	a feasibility study is being undertaken now.
1	leonard medal of the meteoritical society 1985.
1	one play later the game was over.
1	ranching is located in the final ring.
1	engaging tech articles on the newest innovations.
1	the isolated state is surrounded by wilderness.
1	take 15 was selected as the master.
1	koreyoshi kurahara 75 japanese screenwriter and director.
1	the enlarged lake began to attract tourists.
1	protons in seven energy ranges were measured.
1	victory was achieved with 10 balls spare.
1	it was published in 1970 by doubleday.
1	farrell lived in amsterdam until his death.
1	eight chosen players compete in this event.
1	all the people on the concourse ran.
1	barringer award of the meteoritical society 1984.
1	the majority of residents spoke against annexation.
1	the lacrimal canaliculi open into the papilla.
1	the chain specializes in asian fusion cuisine.
1	cabin access is via two fold-up doors.
1	in belgium his parents found separate hiding-places.
1	most approved flags-selling organisations are non-profit organisations.
1	peng zhao was born in beijing china.
1	of these 8. is now considered spurious.
1	it has services only on major festivals.
1	aromatic amines have intense molecular ion peaks.
1	his retirement became effective the next day.
1	he serialised all his novels in periodicals.
1	george parsons 84 canadian ice hockey player.
1	males and females are similar in coloration.
1	it is not known when he died.
1	with that he completed building the temple.
1	yung is credited with over 310 films.
1	he is buried in streatham vale cemetery.
1	however the graphics received a mixed response.
1	however the station would eventually be vandalized.
1	all are on delta connection to minneapolis.
1	he meets and saves a girl nandini.
1	the arcades are carried on circular piers.
1	jimmy rutherford was a professional association footballer.
1	micah holland (micah) and miliotti entered first.
1	the north chapel contains an elaborate piscina.
1	luciano pezzi 77 italian road bicycle racer.
1	the sumuru series consists of five books.
1	it has a population of about 162.
1	the natural superiority of women 5th edition.
1	all development was conducted in venelles france.
1	apart from hawu dhao is more conservative.
1	in 2004 he joined the green party.
1	superseacat one was laid up in sunderland.
1	it was written for recorder and piano.
1	his loan was made permanent in december.
1	local brands are castle and lion beers.
1	afterward the old lady must stand trial.
1	they did not contest the 2010 elections.
1	frithuswith is the patron saint of oxford.
1	phenol exhibit a strong molecular ion peak.
1	it features a mother comforting her children.
1	thus the name applied to the resolutions.
1	it was later re-released by plan-it-x records.
1	mooking became a restaurateur and celebrity chef.
1	the system focuses on two-player cooperative play.
1	the sinus is subsutural broad and shallow.
1	their youngest child was born in 2020.
1	the current library facility opened in 1963.
1	the population was 408 as of 2010.
1	there are no impartial observers robeson said.
1	tatarsky nagadak is the nearest rural locality.
1	he was waived on august 1 2021.
1	around eighteen countries participated in wsd activities.
1	hormonal medications are relevant in some cases.
1	the orchestra was conducted by egil monn-inversen.
1	its liturgical worship is performed in macedonian.
1	it should be heard savoured and celebrated.
1	another common fragmentation mode is dehydration (m-18).
1	it has been little studied to date.
1	they have two daughters and two sons.
1	level 3 adds reading writing and mathematics.
1	the magazine's last issue was october 2020.
1	the school was nicknamed sleepy hollow high.
1	pennsylvania was launched on 10 july 1929.
1	her father did not attend her ordination.
1	delahanty delores s. and atkins g. lawrence.
1	taco luchador is a privately held company.
1	their home stadium is michael ashcroft stadium.
1	these are followed by ovoid seed capsules.
1	jamie mcgregor speaks his thoughts out loud.
1	expenditures from 1997 refer to submitted totals.
1	it makes one unable to read sarcasm.
1	dellview also doesn't request any state money.
1	watt purchased his rosamond farm in 1872.
1	aswalapitiya is a village in sri lanka.
1	long time ago in galaxy far away.
1	over 20 major league seasons he's 197-147.
1	each character has unique items and spells.
1	trammell was unopposed in the general election.
1	the album has sold 1,000,000 copies worldwide.
1	in large towns most people are multilingual.
1	there were 12 names on the roll.
1	he was born in dhamangaon akole taluka.
1	controversy surrounds her exact date of death.
1	charlotte humphry was the organization's first president.
1	orlando lifton acting first class draughtsman admiralty.
1	chargebacks also occur in the distribution industry.
1	a two-sided staircase leads into the cistern.
1	he started crying harder and harder eventually.
1	six thousand extras were needed in france.
1	the teams were divided into six pots.
1	it was eventually broken up in 2020.
1	later u-278 hit penelope barker which sank.
1	season 10 premiered on october 7 2019.
1	he held this position until his death.
1	the tehsil was 80.4% rural in 2001.
1	the losing contestants were each given $1,000.
1	the newspaper moved to 210 church ave.
1	he is known by the mononym sleiman.
1	ultimately his challenge to dci helms failed.
1	he announced his retirement in august 2012.
1	here lies sir john st. barbe bart.
1	this is less common than parrot mouth.
1	suffering from ill-health he was privately educated.
1	vulnerable animals include the greater noctule bat.
1	this also went for vehicles and playsets.
1	the funeral took place on 22 october.
1	he painted the sipario of the theater.
1	it is surprising the representative of bahrain.
1	sjeng is a dutch masculine first name.
1	at the roofline is a molded cornice.
1	perkins has experienced financial and legal issues.
1	the album was released in hdcd format.
1	the site is a scheduled ancient monument.
1	its longest runway can receive boeing 747s.
1	she had a daughter lady margaret stewart.
1	martha e. stone is the literary editor.
1	he was euthanized on december 22 2015.
1	its distribution also includes china and japan.
1	he founded schools hospitals and research institutes.
1	klaarwater was built between 1960 and 1975.
1	however their limited intelligence remained a problem.
1	it has a height of 5,949 metres.
1	the conversion was completed on august 30.
1	this published its first herdbook in 1924.
1	the collective is used to maintain altitude.
1	keightley was now in a precarious position.
1	he succeeded coup leader general sonthi boonyaratglin.
1	turner had won the gold for australia.
1	an updated edition was published in 1996.
1	it is found in the southern california.
1	das was previously married to varsha das.
1	the match included two consecutive 80-minute-long frames.
1	she died at age 108 in 1968.
1	john thomas lathey foreman pymore mill co.
1	he wrote several books about his travels.
1	lower level executives also have fared well.
1	at ucd kean encountered his wife clodagh.
1	in 1909 he married rose elizabeth knox.
1	akrotiri 01-2017 img04 stnicholas of the cats.
1	ettinger is credited for inventing the blitz.
1	it plans to start production in 2019.
1	the current lord camoys is ralph stonor.
1	kolyada was born in moscow in 1907.
1	the site was first surveyed in 1823.
1	the series has been well-received by critics.
1	in the 1950s he went into semi-retirement.
1	the larger man turned off his flashlight.
1	then malathy briefly explains the house's situation.
1	it includes the small hamlet of barnyards.
1	recording and publication of congressional committee proceedings.
1	it was also known as operation mermaid.
1	toonavision picked up the show by 2019.
1	iyengar srinivasa k.r. indian writing in english.
1	abadan island is an island in iran.
1	it was described by chevrolat in 1860.
1	her starboard boiler exploded about 11 p.m.
1	gonzales-gutierrez ran unopposed in the democratic primary.
1	he was jewish and of polish-jewish descent.
1	audata the daughter of illyrian king bardyllis.
1	eid-ul-azha occurs about two months after eid-ul-fitr.
1	i had never heard anything like it.
1	the celebrity team arrive in a coach.
1	she studied at the university of toronto.
1	very little is known about this species.
1	it is found on mayotte and madagascar.
1	f.i.n.e. was quickly followed up by radical!
1	paul van geert is a dutch linguist.
1	laurie juspeczyk is a liberal-thinking modern woman.
1	it is generally pretty good fun too.
1	the relational database management system is postgresql.
1	diagnostic and therapeutic problems with gallstone ileus.
1	lara symkowiak was elected mayor in 2012.
1	she sold her first novels in 1970.
1	the museum represents the work of frs.
1	when brace was 16 his father died.
1	beem completed his early education in spencer.
1	she died at st kilda in 1895.
1	in 1689 the industrial plant started operation.
1	each has its own advantages and disadvantages.
1	it is in the low osmolar family.
1	the population was 3 as of 2010.
1	there are also positions as grade co-ordinators.
1	disc one contains shorts from the 1940s.
1	in 2009 ladenburg returned to private practice.
1	the hostels are separated by the river.
1	he feels a foreigner wherever he is.
1	this matrix can be liquid or rigid.
1	events from the year 1210 in ireland.
1	these individuals are known as the barons.
1	soon coretti followed after him shortly afterwards.
1	its west was reclaimed to gloucester road.
1	carrie chapman catt attended as a speaker.
1	he makes oriental movements with his hands.
1	the eastern line goes to chennai beach.
1	in 2002 urban posed nude for playgirl.
1	all songs by bad manners unless noted.
1	he was a consensus all-american in 1953.
1	this resembles the condition seen in brontornis.
1	it flows into the kahl in blankenbach.
1	a new building was opened in 1960.
1	it flows into the zusam in wertingen.
1	six years later he moved to nec.
1	it is named for the orchid disa.
1	he later represented the england police team.
1	thomson d.p. (ed.) (1955) two by two!
1	the five whorls increase rapidly in size.
1	secondary conidiophores are often present on conidia.
1	it had increased bore and decreased stroke.
1	construction of the house began in 1934.
1	the association currently has 235 member clubs.
1	it began under the name nanofluidics inc.
1	they pull olian out of the river.
1	since 1964 csbg is located in akademgorodok.
1	some underground watercourses have not changed direction.
1	hence i also speak of an ego-complex.
1	wirtanen played as a youth within hpk.
1	frost graduated from high school in atoka.
1	antequera became acting governor in august 1721.
1	tripri competitions are held during the festival.
1	they are the leaders of juhaynah tribe.
1	he attended the novo mesto grammar school.
1	his works are designed by using cad.
1	it serves nakashipara and the surrounding areas.
1	print correspondents transmit stories electronically every day.
1	khilafatul muslimin also had several ministry-like structures.
1	he organized champing for the town's rescue.
1	a helicopter has four flight control inputs.
1	celestine also named cardinal napoleone orsini protector.
1	she graduated from the school in 1995.
1	a workload is a set of transactions.
1	it was published on 15 march 2007.
1	faze already operated kiss 102 in manchester.
1	it was disbanded on 26 may 1946.
1	cooking did not take place at home.
1	westmoreland vs. cbs (new york: athenaum 1987).
1	it is located in the zira tehsil.
1	he was named a cardinal in 1967.
1	the cuban government declined to fund it.
1	neonatal perinatal medicine elsevier saunders philadelphia 2005.
1	the progress was de-orbited on 23 august.
1	he is a specialist of contemporary history.
1	the village has a population of 120.
1	the meade solution university of colorado press.
1	hyden is married and lives in minneapolis.
1	she eventually quit performing on drury lane.
1	first-seeded guillermo vilas won the singles title.
1	his 11 league goals included one brace.
1	using the trademark tommo re-launched the humongous.
1	both belong to the parish of preserje.
1	khilafatul muslimin exact organization structure is unknown.
1	the population was 37 as of 2010.
1	jerry pacht 75 american judge cerebral hemorrhage.
1	beutner is married to virginia woltz beutner.
1	there was some controversy surrounding the auction.
1	he fought in the 1948 arab-israeli war.
1	the communist party of austria was established.
1	crowdsourced taxis are run by ridesharing companies.
1	madrid joined the competition in the semi-finals.
1	i'll be on a mission for peace.
1	haque was born on 15 november 1940.
1	the two remaining branches are and respectively.
1	as of 2009 there are six grandchildren.
1	this tapeworm occurs exclusively in arctic waters.
1	bilaspur is the centre of agri products.
1	the record would stand for five years.
1	their responsibilities also involved showing visitors round.
1	the islands constitute a distinct marine ecoregion.
1	eventually his persistence began to yield results.
1	ricky replaced yamato after their 1996 tour.
1	the schedule was announced in january 2016.
1	the boundary was at the 37th parallel.
1	the bill was considered to be nonpartisan.
1	this version was released 22 february 2011.
1	two significant pieces of legislation were introduced.
1	athan theoharis editor the central intelligence agency.
1	his version features ronnie scott on saxophone.
1	he served in that capacity until 1961.
1	lincoln village is located at (38.004122 121.334544).
1	it is subdivided into 100 grosz (gr).
1	jean renoir called him an extraordinary man.
1	she returned to indiana in december 1944.
1	watson's genome sequence was published in 2008.
1	the official station code will be jw4.
1	the 75th anniversary of princess mother srinagarindra.
1	pleasants serves on numerous boards including inc.
1	director national institute for medical research 1971-82.
1	he happens to be allergic to avocado.
1	the eff also raised thousands of dollars.
1	musopolus (the servant of the mus) student.
1	he won the election and entered parliament.
1	he began teaching in 1756 at disley.
1	y con una perla azul el pensamiento.
1	feldmann's first band was saratoga-based family crisis.
1	chris lytle $52,000 ($26,000 win bonus) def.
1	the larvae probably feed on centaurea cheirolopha.
1	later she falls in love with joseph.
1	burgen was born in clapton east london.
1	the cookbook debuted on the best-seller list.
1	relenting they let him descend once more.
1	it is used along with kinari work.
1	viewers in 1949 saw themselves in behnke.
1	pritchard was born in new york city.
1	he was born and died in palermo.
1	the origin of the word is uncertain.
1	about one thousand people witnessed the launch.
1	the spiral dance is starhawk's first book.
1	the photographs of istochnikov show fontcuberta's face.
1	bernard sinclair-jones deputy mint master (temporary) lahore.
1	barnaby began his career directing short films.
1	she signed her works as e.b. elizth.
1	the dispute was settled in may 2011.
1	garn retired from the senate in 1992.
1	about 5000 people died in the region.
1	new brunswick new jersey: transaction publishers 2002.
1	vladimir sukharev 72 soviet sprinter and olympian.
1	all of the base units are metric.
1	hamdani stayed in kashmir for six months.
1	dr. juan garralda is the current director.
1	eleven of the rules exhibit complicated behaviour.
1	both openings earned a total of $14,500.
1	the inferior ophthalmic vein drains the orbit.
1	melisende who married bohemond iv of antioch.
1	in 1845 the parish municipality was established.
1	bowell married phoebe march in june 1898.
1	lovecraft accordingly dedicated the story to smith.
1	it was described by zayas in 1975.
1	limited to 500 copies signed by smith.
1	it is located in the dongri area.
1	dimethyldichlorosilane reacts with methanol to produce dimethoxydimethylsilanes.
1	males have a single subgular vocal sac.
1	otis' early duties combined symbolism and substance.
1	thus imprisoning kapitan sino by the police.
1	wilson played a fictionalized version of herself.
1	mohamed faki mwinyihaji is a kenyan politician.
1	hector poleo inciba caracas 1969 74 p.
1	price and donneky had one daughter elizabeth.
1	douglas found that melville was already free.
1	his parents were john augustus raffetto sr.
1	it was described by franz in 1956.
1	mccoy moved to los angeles in 1927.
1	lex luthor works on resuscitating black adam.
1	gilbert high school was built in 1920.
1	the first successful earth-saturn probe takes place.
1	in 1991 a revised edition was published.
1	it is based in shawnee mission kansas.
1	in september 2009 the charity wound down.
1	the piers were tall wide and apart.
1	the territory folded a few months later.
1	throughout 2009 dcfc competed sporadically for fip.
1	reid leonard m. sons of the hector.
1	phair was born in pilot mound manitoba.
1	peru lake titicaca puna ibis plegadis ridgwayi.
1	there is probably one generation per year.
1	i had to get away from hollywood.
1	delilah and jezebel in video games bully.
1	plane surveying assumes the earth is flat.
1	wang gang as fulianchouking of achai tribe.
1	they also both won sidney hillman awards.
1	the lotte berk method natural journeys 2003.
1	only mitsuharu misawa would duplicate this feat.
1	through the 1990s she refined her works.
1	he proved extremely able and advanced rapidly.
1	the city was named after dayton ohio.
1	all times are in local time (utc-3).
1	he began working as a house carpenter.
1	mules are usually infertile for this reason.
1	saroj karar of congress won in 1972.
1	he later studied at trinity college cambridge.
1	dila town is surrounded by dila zuria.
1	it is nicknamed the woodstock of africa.
1	he also wrote a book about it.
1	president trump pardoned kanter in december 2020.
1	the perth club was founded in 1896.
1	still standing in the plant pot (1994).
1	in 2000 jerry began his acting career.
1	the cleveland rams moved to shaw stadium.
1	it was recorded on july 30 1965.
1	title i grants training exercises and coordination.
1	the adelaide club was founded in 1883.
1	spodumene or mica crystals can be precipitated.
1	he is fluent in italian and macedonian.
1	it first flew on 6 september 1950.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	he again became a widower in 1666.
1	hinduism does not have a central authority.
1	it is synonymous with strigeida poche 1926.
1	the females present 6 to 8 teats.
1	put all the cash in the bag.
1	reported annual income for 2018 was $71,295.
1	the merger was completed on december 19.
1	huayangosaurus had relatively long and slender arms.
1	navarro is injured from a bullet wound.
1	after that the club fell into obscurity.
1	they were lauded as potent and pungent.
1	david n. myers and alexander kaye eds.
1	the festival is held annually on heldenplatz.
1	renu was born into a punjabi family.
1	the list is sorted by its year.
1	ordinary lpes are the basic local governments.
1	the qualification was composed of two rounds.
1	many of the volumes were exceedingly rare.
1	kentucky elected its members august 6 1810.
1	teophile balian machine shop chargeman palestine railways.
1	antonio marziale was born in london england.
1	vlasta redl is a czech folk musician.
1	its region included salamat and moyen-chari prefectures.
1	it is the deepest lake in alabama.
1	crime increased in pacoima in the 1970s.
1	he was tried on 11 october 1660.
1	the highway was originally numbered wv 40.
1	awad zakka is a libyan volleyball player.
1	in 1993 the organization came under fire.
1	the town has a population of 3,991.
1	drago began his acting career in 1979.
1	he moved to afton minnesota in 1970.
1	this is often investigated through site-directed mutagenesis.
1	unidad de la luz sobre la rosa.
1	they are often confused by casual observers.
1	wynnewood professional building during the late 1950s.
1	he played college football at florida state.
1	it was described by bates in 1885.
1	the university named a fellowship after him.
1	the practice of military deception predates russia.
1	of course you know this means war!
1	the constituency was a strongly unionist area.
1	structure and strategy in learning to talk.
1	he finally surrendered on 27 october 1901.
1	he prudently restrains himself from enlightening her.
1	twelve teams remain in the challengers stage.
1	indicates the contestant is the runner up.
1	that outside position doesn't work for him.
1	in 1688 appointed deputy judge of stavanger.
1	hernando county is included in the tampa-st.
1	american bankers life assurance company of florida.
1	patel graduated from high school in 2008.
1	british senior technicians wore three point-up chevrons.
1	the french team has kept its genius.
1	they commissioned a report from wessex archaeology.
1	joseph leo blotner (1974): faulkner: a biography.
1	audrey mather librarian and entertainment organiser catterick.
1	robert james clayton 82 english electronics engineer.
1	the winner was going to be declared.
1	the novel choice was trial by jury.
1	the size of this structure was ambitious.
1	ryan slattery as peter yancy's love interest.
1	every round will consist of one game.
1	the purity of the ice also increases.
1	it played professionally in 1995 and 1996.
1	in 2014 luzzago's spiritual writings were published.
1	even so juries had never been predominant.
1	they currently compete in the liga 3.
1	the user base was geared towards teens.
1	the 170 class entered service in 1922.
1	the birth and adaptation of evaluation theories.
1	panofsky and the foundations of art history.
1	operculum brown covered by dense concentric striae.
1	st. florian is located at (34.872753 87.625117).
1	st. paul's was originally built in 1822.
1	from the nobles of the livonia province.
1	in oceans abandoned by life i drown.
1	the soil is mostly poor quality podzols.
1	ntv's parent company is rachana television pvt.
1	the series is streaming online on youtube.
1	not needing ballast reduced their turn-round time.
1	beale nick ferdinando d'amico and gabriele valentini.
1	it is called as jerusalem of maharashtra.
1	package 1: first pick 15:00 saturday matches.
1	phil campbell 81 american farmer and politician.
1	espn began televising the game in 2011.
1	the ballpark seated 6,800 by one estimate.
1	it is located on 3 fort street.
1	laughing kookaburras are often kept in zoos.
1	he played college football at purdue university.
1	mattice graduated from queen's university in 1847.
1	they were married in 1884 in newark.
1	he competed at the 2000 summer olympics.
1	also known as the russian legsweep ddt.
1	emerson fittipaldi and carlos pace also withdrew.
1	both villages were populated by ethnic serbs.
1	the amblyopsids are probably ancient in origin.
1	they have four children and six horses.
1	they had one son and one daughter.
1	hispanic issues on-line (hiol) 23 (2019): 184-205.
1	ameletus browni is found in north america.
1	kalimantan is now divided into five provinces.
1	vita del venerabile alessandro luzzago patrizio bresciano.
1	morgunov is buried at the kuntsevo cemetery.
1	he is married to canadian-born diana donovan.
1	livesay died in clarkson ontario in 1944.
1	he previously played for the colorado avalanche.
1	it is constructed in the romanesque-byzantine style.
1	the format of output documentation is configurable.
1	the school struggled during the great depression.
1	charles smith was an american polo player.
1	a. is an italian international banking group.
1	the village also has a methodist church.
1	in 1194 it was mentioned as mumeliswile.
1	the three campuses are located in chengdu.
1	the population was 1 as of 2002.
1	events in the year 1937 in brazil.
1	en roulant ma boule (old chanson) tr.
1	thus csa adders are typically very fast.
1	the colony ship ss conestoga is launched.
1	its main focus was the gilt-edged market.
1	commander edward pellew was hazards last commander.
1	he finished kristiania commerce school in 1878.
1	net which is now apparently also defunct.
1	allied aggression against neutral countries reduces usat.
1	they are successfully separated by the doctors.
1	the greek census (1928) recorded 468 inhabitants.
1	he competed at the 1952 winter olympics.
1	second maxilla with palp endite well developed.
1	under the guidance of his father sri.
1	he went on to record six albums.
1	the production method depends on the feedstock.
1	finally i took it as a challenge.
1	they are higher ranks than general megirl.
1	he was a pioneer settler in wisconsin.
1	the list includes 21 districts of jharkhand.
1	they are sent to kill reed richards.
1	he studied harmony and counterpoint under massenet.
1	she has two brothers and one sister.
1	against auburn university he had 13 tackles.
1	also there were 25 vicars (suffragan bishops).
1	barral i altet xavier: art de catalunya.
1	the monteggia fracture is named after him.
1	the village has a population of 130.
1	later he joined the indian national congress.
1	the population was 16 as of 2002.
1	at night the station airs jazz music.
1	another historical building was the lee theatre.
1	the size of this structure was ambitious.
1	it is located west of goodlettsville tennessee.
1	it was during the tenure of fr.
1	the round fruits measure up to long.
1	the settlement was first proposed in 1914.
1	his wife dorothy hettie wilson survived him.
1	winston had many occupations throughout her career.
1	livesay married florence randal livesay in 1908.
1	the mirrors of himiko rokko shuppan 1977.
1	the population was 38 as of 2002.
1	he is married and has two children.
1	at least four dikes protrude its summit.
1	christleton fc play in west cheshire league.
1	the first caller is determined at random.
1	only a zero matrix has rank zero.
1	watoto church produces an annual christmas cantata.
1	clark teamed with pledgemusic for the album.
1	a vehicle track follows the railway line.
1	ed. theresa enos and stuart c. brown.
1	adapted from the mundus subterraneus liner notes.
1	he was interred at putney vale cemetery.
1	shin received a sloan fellowship in 2013.
1	the family faced food shortages en route.
1	where have you been all my life?
1	the senate intelligence committee interviews matt tait.
1	a return to phoenix is under consideration.
1	this species was first described in 1983.
1	statcrunch can also recode and reorganize data.
1	wirth himself retained the portfolio of finance.
1	they demanded a separate country for sikhs.
1	chumani is a south african given name.
1	she gives birth to a girl jeanne.
1	the us registry number was us 91953.
1	some filmed scenes were cut during editing.
1	he majored in psychology at creighton university.
1	wakefield then was a curate in liverpool.
1	neocle enters the catacombs mastering his fear.
1	these transfers were completed the following year.
1	rizzo returned to court the following monday.
1	it is found in minas gerais brazil.
1	world champion in 1994 1998 and 1999.
1	the whole park is on alluvial sands.
1	harrison's textbook of internal medicine chapter 177.
1	she gives her life protecting the children.
1	in french it was known as chules.
1	it is found in santa catarina brazil.
1	timigtac on calera creek in modern-day pacifica.
1	at moderate speeds it suffered speed wobbles.
1	stadler originally named the train the ec250.
1	he was nominated for an autosport award.
1	canadian trucks had automatic transmissions as built.
1	on 24 august the upgrade became official.
1	the prussians damaged the church in 1757.
1	frederick's father died on october 10 1872.
1	in 1951 the state name was hyderabad.
1	the shopfronts are original to this period.
1	a fashion spread and cover in seventeen.
1	district road msp21 connects to bundesstrasse 26.
1	the north-west and east constituencies were abolished.
1	it is found in papua new guinea.
1	there they discouraged him from studying art.
1	it also occurs on lord howe island.
1	in 1966 the temple was constructively strengthened.
1	there will be no sanchalak in start.
1	he was waived on may 14 2018.
1	the section was constructed in the mid-1910s.
1	he is currently manager of turan tovuz.
1	his fields to be active are diverse.
1	blue and white are the school colors.
1	carson was born in american fork utah.
1	she has two brothers and a sister.
1	the serrano legacy is a space opera.
1	he was buried in south weymouth massachusetts.
1	it was released in early april 1988.
1	sonata no. 2 in f major op.
1	it is also known as pilonidal sinus.
1	he was also introduced to adolf hitler.
1	thus normalizing a single neuron after plasticity.
1	in parenthesis are requirements for team sports.
1	the couple married on may 18 1923.
1	so far 16000 students graduated from university.
1	i wasn't getting into any of that.
1	klinger is sound asleep on the ground.
1	the name elmdon means 'hill of elms'.
1	o meteorito dos homens ab e surdos.
1	in 1897 he married agnes mary tucker.
1	in 1908 dunedin public library was opened.
1	i have no words to describe it.
1	trey edwin bruce is an american songwriter.
1	the team colors are maroon and gray.
1	it flows into the blies near homburg.
1	the globe said that ci watchdog group.
1	there are several sports teams based here.
1	the pavement dwellers were evicted without resettlement.
1	this species has been collected in westland.
1	it mainly operated in madrid and andalusia.
1	he made his will on 10 july.
1	nigamshanker does not mourn his father's death.
1	sayadaw also awards scholarships to outstanding students.
1	monthly maintenance was $10,235 on this configuration.
1	less waste eliminate pathogen transmission and injuries.
1	for 2014 the prize purse was $50,000.
1	the genus is distributed in south america.
1	meanwhile daniel buys ingredients to make meth.
1	each window is flanked by stone quoins.
1	he is fluent in english and french.
1	they included secularists from the labour movement.
1	boethius and the history of the organon.
1	the current president is michael f. jarvis.
1	after graduating abdul rahman became a teacher.
1	neglected evidence for cicero's de re publica.
1	these features suggest formation by running water.
1	all four hold degrees from yale university.
1	it was last used in the 1920s.
1	he was in parliament for 17 years.
1	the two stations were 616 yards apart.
1	in 1953 israel ordered four t mk.
1	since 1954 he married actress herta elviste.
1	he won romanian cup in season 2012-2013.
1	smith returned to kansas city in 1935.
1	gargan was born in brooklyn new york.
1	rescue dogs' (1997) documentary for national tv.
1	all songs were composed by miles davis.
1	his death was announced in july 2021.
1	the first floor has three residential flats.
1	aschner was born in germany in 1901.
1	however there are no tomes' process yet.
1	the company is headquartered in plymouth michigan.
1	the trek to this peak is mesmerizing!
1	they failed and the creeper was killed.
1	cardamine diphylla used for food and medicine.
1	the metal is readily attacked by acids.
1	some of these were sold to japan.
1	media5-fone has now been withdrawn from service.
1	in 1999 all these traffics had disappeared.
1	dissonance plays an important role in persuasion.
1	aditya and zoya come face to face.
1	its first postmaster was john h. lawrence.
1	john beavan baron ardwick 84 british journalist.
1	she attends both of her brother's weddings.
1	in 1960 he won in kiruna (swe-ch).
1	zoya comforts him and the two embrace.
1	blakeslee grew up on the central coast.
1	great lesson to teach your son mike.
1	chane't johnson 34 american actress heart attack.
1	kapsis renewed extremely pleased with the club.
1	the population in oliver is comparatively mobile.
1	once again carrasso received a one-match ban.
1	most species of sea snail are dextral.
1	the main house was on windsor road.
1	namesake is published on its own website.
1	the total number of interments exceeds 6,000.
1	smith was born in abbots bromley staffordshire.
1	the big bender by charles clapp (1938).
1	its final day was 7 july 2017.
1	he was also known as bhadra bhupala.
1	mini front and rear sub-frames were used.
1	on 23 march 1950 the first fr.
1	jankai chooses to remain with her husband.
1	its single-seat cabin is under the wings.
1	the peruvian army reestablishes peruvian army aviation.
1	saba from hers and romil from his.
1	during these events no gunshots were fired.
1	indian urban culture was left in decline.
1	he retired at the age of 28.
1	he renounced his u.s. citizenship in 1995.
1	maleville resigned in 1833 to enter politics.
1	during this manoeuvre the engine lost power.
1	the a614 overlaps the a1 for north.
1	nankoma started performing music professionally in 2013.
1	mitchell edited great britain: geographical essays (1962).
1	shamanism in china before the tang dynasty.
1	pop made the marlins' opening day roster.
1	the nearest hospital is in gotse delchev.
1	they had three sons and four daughters.
1	it was opened on 26 may 1954.
1	the pima used the wood for bows.
1	the song was performed by glennis grace.
1	the community was first formed around 1906.
1	the population was 33 as of 2010.
1	high school graduation rate is near 45%.
1	additionally fishing employs 1% of the population.
1	other stage roles include camelot cabaret tarantara!
1	other slave groups were escaping to indiana.
1	billie holiday sang this song so beautifully.
1	he finished this category in first place.
1	it was described by melzer in 1922.
1	the best briar woods soccer team ever.
1	thumboochetty married francis kantaraj thumboochetty in 1937.
1	flowers can be pollinated by short-tailed bats.
1	jung mormonism and the dialectics of exaltation.
1	he failed to qualify for the race.
1	the story ends with her being rich.
1	jannie greeff 75 south african olympic weightlifter.
1	d. and dnp (doctor of nursing practice).
1	thomson block (1898) 339 west hastings street.
1	jolaosho is in charge of mentoring sessions.
1	it also ensured their survival as monuments.
1	the ericaceae have a nearly worldwide distribution.
1	the neighborhood is a major shopping district.
1	mccormick richard p. rutgers: a bicentennial history.
1	the nspcc called for an independent investigation.
1	manson was restrained before reaching the judge.
1	his case worker deemed him aggressively antisocial.
1	he is a youth international for france.
1	yes i laughed during jim abrahams' mafia!
1	jaime's friend who he borrowed money from.
1	i didn't expect to gain that much.
1	narromine is involved in regional sporting competitions.
1	draper died in camden london in 1979.
1	he was born in 1980 in london.
1	the a. ampullaceum has a filiform paraphyses.
1	however their potential remains difficult to assess.
1	resource was launched at whitby in 1805.
1	there is nothing else in his painting.
1	lee was forced to change his plans.
1	he was born on 14 december 1936.
1	the population was 261 as of 2016.
1	leakages (natural reserves) exceeds global consumption needs.
1	the two methodologies are not mutually exclusive.
1	he had three sons and eight daughters.
1	in 2007 gosselin returned for 7 races.
1	allyl chloride is highly toxic and flammable.
1	lucas figured strongly in both series wins.
1	hirschfeld graduated from dartmouth college in 1983.
1	her first two rounds bracketed the island.
1	most micropredators are hematophagic feeding on blood.
1	players who have retired are also listed.
1	the table below shows how lucy ages.
1	in the january 2002 issue of shokun!
1	lear with johannes frisch frank schneider dir.
1	credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
1	the population was 247 as of 2010.
1	in the same year hansaplast was released.
1	gift of telepathic communication across the universe.
1	the housemates are chilling in the backyard.
1	he is followed by bb02's nathan morris.
1	the racetrack has seats for 82,000 spectators.
1	economic and social development also was notable.
1	it received mixed but mostly positive reviews.
1	the village has a population of 60.
1	st mary's church is located in belstead.
1	he is buried in springfield national cemetery.
1	they were transported to england in 1870-1871.
1	porter and hartmann formed clashback in 2000.
1	forge takes part in xavier's underground movement.
1	jose served on the board as well.
1	the paper's offices are in chew magna.
1	the monastery was small and relatively unimportant.
1	the drafting was assisted by clyde summers.
1	he left the club after one season.
1	these equations are derived from maxwell's equations.
1	peter and paul's catholic church wilmington california.
1	this leaves $110,000 in the master account.
1	her sister alice became a costume designer.
1	no word may begin with a vowel.
1	the enumeration started on january 21 2020.
1	sella's father was polish-jewish and mother lithuanian-jewish.
1	instead caden inherits klarn's resources and alias.
1	he wears an aqua vest and jeans.
1	he suddenly died with no stated reason.
1	also the head of the luca organization.
1	real fairies never preach or talk slang.
1	the roof came off in two directions.
1	lucas was soon forced to declare bankruptcy.
1	songs for alice with johannes frisch dir.
1	the film had musical score by deva.
1	it is currently open to the public.
1	for service to the community of ulverstone.
1	clay rogers also drove for 1 race.
1	the township encompassed about 75 square miles.
1	derek benfield described him as a workaholic.
1	increased wear resistance for a given hardness.
1	the country is rich in natural resources.
1	harela uttrayani (ghugti tyar) janamastmi-dola are festivals.
1	the village has a population of 510.
1	at one point she yelled ungrateful bastards!
1	victor was born on 29 june 1927.
1	he was released on june 7 2009.
1	kathiresan harish's father then cancels the marriage.
1	it refuted the arguments made by anti-vaccinators.
1	rashid was quietly released in april 2012.
1	the album damage was released in 2008.
1	thode died in 1997 in dundas ontario.
1	he was commissioned an officer in 1983.
1	today well over 21,000 students are enrolled.
1	all times are eastern standard time (utc-3).
1	the calculation is based on factor price.
1	a shiny metal surface has low emissivity.
1	often the result was a formal refusal.
1	indigenous languages of latin america series (illa).
1	previously it was the howard johnson hotel.
1	dedicated rice-cooking utensils have a long history.
1	pitcher and glass 28.75 x 19.75 1965.
1	besides painting he also worked in printmaking.
1	the original home was demolished in 1907.
1	he studied law but did not practice.
1	he has starred in over 400 films.
1	if b36 won they would become champions.
1	phoenix was the president and an instructor.
1	it is situated between bordeaux and bergerac.
1	batken airport links the town with bishkek.
1	as an irishman i know it best.
1	the event offers a purse of $200,000.
1	they were all sent to other units.
1	bentonville was named for an early settler.
1	richardson was waived on august 31 2012.
1	she was decommissioned and placed in reserve.
1	miller left bangladesh on january 21 2022.
1	torodd hauer 88 norwegian olympic speed skater.
1	he supervised the cutting and finishing himself.
1	le5 communications is a canadian media company.
1	this project was completed in late 2017.
1	there will be no more morcheeba albums.
1	bednarek m. (2008) emotion talk across corpora.
1	robinson had presidential aspirations of his own.
1	try this experience if you haven't already.
1	the islands have remained in pristine condition.
1	shamil burziyev 25 russian footballer car crash.
1	currently available services from openmaru include myid.
1	each house is overseen by residence dons.
1	other components include stabilizers (antioxidants) preservatives etc.
1	this variant is sometimes called the anvil.
1	there were no significant accidents during operation.
1	the new school opened in september 1910.
1	o imam leave him to my care!
1	posner's primary vehicle was the deisel-wemmer co.
1	the building is brick octagonal in plan.
1	sitting members are shown in bold text.
1	the field often included indianapolis 500 veterans.
1	he took office on 29 may 1999.
1	his position was replaced by carlos jaico.
1	currently he is editor-in-chief of the magazine.
1	he approached these as an integrated whole.
1	bangaljhi has an area of 300.85 hectares.
1	there are beaches and beach clubs here.
1	waterworth held a range of public offices.
1	fake nominations took place in the house.
1	flandin was reelected on 6 may 1906.
1	hungary's anti-soviet revolution was four months later.
1	mcaffee had begun her career in guatemala.
1	it has three campuses: ankadilalana and ambohijatovo.
1	he was also elected to the council.
1	val james is an african american defenceman.
1	slovakia averaged one goal every 44 seconds.
1	resolution blue is a vivid blue color.
1	it was described by carter in 1926.
1	their wedding took place in march 1963.
1	she later corrected herself on the matter.
1	a few of the prototypes were rescued.
1	he left head coach position in 2017.
1	it was opened on 27 december 2019.
1	cobb won the title and the car.
1	state legislatures had been reluctant to redistrict.
1	she has not raced in nascar since.
1	she participated at the eurobasket women 2017.
1	peter booth australian modern bleak landscape painter.
1	nazir ahmed baron ahmed labour party peer.
1	it has music composed by roshan saluri.
1	blurple is a vivid purplish blue hue.
1	neal was the first american art critic.
1	rules are similar to olympic freestyle wrestling.
1	troy was a specialist in gynaecological surgery.
1	the whole postmodernist self-reflexive fact-fiction sitcom thing.
1	fontaine signed a contract with rko pictures.
1	as of 2012 it remains in service.
1	there were 3 individuals who were hindu.
1	serfdom was abolished relatively late in 1551.
1	another type are called type 1 fimbriae.
1	van rooijen took up rowing in 2001.
1	seaview is a novel by toby olson.
1	it was described by melzer in 1934.
1	he now works as a maths teacher.
1	it also spawned a tiktok dance challenge.
1	it may give a warning to spectators.
1	critical reception for everville has been mixed.
1	manteo and an associate towaye joined them.
1	santa fe film festival: luminaria award 2006.
1	roy r. rubottom jr. 98 american diplomat.
1	he was the brother of chauncey forward.
1	we will evaluate and review our case.
1	fisher specialized in negotiation and conflict management.
1	dangsu-dong citizens' farm features an agricultural park.
1	the population was 1 as of 2012.
1	there are also numerous examples of corals.
1	the larvae feed on oaks (quercus species).
1	the album sold 20 million copies worldwide.
1	the village has a population of 190.
1	university of north texas press tx usa.
1	i suppose new gold dream was ours.
1	when this happens painful bone-on-bone arthritis develops.
1	in 1973 the school's middle school opened.
1	the old woman reopens the cemetery gates.
1	original building ottoman with british mandate addition.
1	he had four sisters who survived him.
1	spanish rioja red wine is traditionally used.
1	christian today is edited by xia-maria mackay.
1	the population was 9 as of 2002.
1	the single reached number one in canada.
1	they played at the nissan sports complex.
1	and she was like 'are you sure?
1	all recipients receive a certificate and statuette.
1	the space group of mosesite is f43m.
1	purchased components group was in blue bell.
1	wout wagtmans 64 dutch road bicycle racer.
1	when it is broken there's nothing left.
1	analysts estimated the acquisition doubled sunpower's size.
1	it has its own place name signs.
1	coale established three pre-conditions to fertility decline.
1	there is clearly a resurgence of care.
1	they also switched back to red pants.
1	murat akhedzhak 48 russian politician heart attack.
1	yala is annually visited by 400,000 pilgrims.
1	south of scotland district: smith (langholm) (back).
1	on 5 july 2013 beckles joined histon.
1	they are sometimes defined by political boundaries.
1	thus this method of reasoning is ampliative.
1	volunteers can be seen cleaning the grounds.
1	the principal's position became vacant in 1982.
1	the population was 3 as of 2013.
1	the finnish press currently enjoys extensive freedom.
1	tituba may have originally been from barbados.
1	train connections to the capital are good.
1	both teams moved to california in 1958.
1	board of directors data for development france.
1	first gas was produced in october 1989.
1	they are black densely spotted with white.
1	a typhoon was also reported near vietnam.
1	there is more information on this website.
1	on november 9 2012 brown was fired.
1	he was survived by his second wife.
1	the girls had to role-play each other.
1	reviews for anonymous have been mildly positive.
1	yellow statice flowers close up from side.
1	no military commissions except on the battlefield.
1	credits adapted from the dvd's liner notes.
1	in 1931 corinthic was decommissioned and scrapped.
1	sima bao did not agree with them.
1	also on the property is a garage.
1	the bacteria are acidophilic and produce endospores.
1	milli vanilli's grammy award was subsequently revoked.
1	t.k. khan pn four-star admiral in 1983.
1	the holotype had been collected in brazil.
1	equisetum hyemale used by some plateau tribes.
1	ignacio irribarren (born in caracas in 1945).
1	halophytes can be classified in many ways.
1	starpack for linux x86 is also provided.
1	the population was 679 as of 2010.
1	however it does have one unnamed tributary.
1	parishes were administrative subdivisions of the municipalities.
1	then it was discontinued in march 2018.
1	rajveer causes misunderstandings between aditya and zoya.
1	in june 2011 he returned to florence.
1	poultices can be used on the eyes.
1	furthermore grades are separated by play type.
1	the butternut school district serves the area.
1	off the paths are maintained green areas.
1	the population was 418 as of 2013.
1	it was then flowered by h. witte.
1	nobles were not immune to such punishments.
1	the reefs are ribbon-like structured patch reefs.
1	therefore angles abd and cbd are equal.
1	it is part of the fairwater community.
1	retesting is also recommended every ten years.
1	the habitat consists of dry forested areas.
1	blackburn and manufactured by weltex plastics limited.
1	joseph conrad's heart of darkness for audible.
1	mrs elizabeth masterman of new south wales.
1	iwaki-taira's oval is 400 meters in circumference.
1	presently the temple has more classicistic presence.
1	one player is initially designated as it.
1	he wanted to make fun of it.
1	in late 2020 vuosaari had 38,961 inhabitants.
1	prince ivan hears three beautiful sisters talking.
1	he had the princess bake three cakes.
1	she also practiced engraving during her career.
1	he was the recipient of multiple awards.
1	he won the leadership over william warren.
1	in 1996 the australian company tnt ltd.
1	anini-y is politically subdivided into 23 barangays.
1	it bombed algiers again on 2 march.
1	for official fixtures and results see gaa.
1	at the new york anime festival go!
1	he was born in county cork ireland.
1	after graduation she taught at the university.
1	it was the home of her grandfather.
1	the village has a population of 220.
1	these place names have numerous different etymologies.
1	the population was 292 as of 2010.
1	it was built from 1870s to 1890s.
1	imprenta de d. wenceslao ayguals de izco.
1	in 1942 he married mary ferrier llewellyn.
1	frederick is credited for inventing the keyring.
1	here are the highlights of the episodes.
1	in 1886 the family returned to palermo.
1	i squirmed and i railed against it.
1	ko-ko will then marry the young widow.
1	the mausoleum is cross-shaped in the plan.
1	harold alfond 93 american businessman and philanthropist.
1	both branches are covered with numerous bristles.
1	the station lay between bottesford and grantham.
1	however the genus sterigmatocystis is now obsolete.
1	lavish illustrations were produced by axel haig.
1	but their music styles were very different.
1	he was in charge of chateau tanunda.
1	the nuggets were defeated in five games.
1	program is mainly produced in bosnian language.
1	sci benner sits adjacent to sci rockview.
1	libertad is politically subdivided into 9 barangays.
1	on 20 february 2014 he was released.
1	the population was 140 as of 2013.
1	they have a daughter and a son.
1	it is a component of audit risk.
1	it is sometimes known as balletto's toad.
1	exercise can improve symptoms as can revascularization.
1	the final version was released in 2011.
1	the genoese had also suffered important casualties.
1	albrecht was born in st. louis missouri.
1	others would be planted for later discovery.
1	chile declared war on 5 april 1879.
1	he specializes in close-up botanical color work.
1	there were reports of rapes and torture.
1	it is found in santa catarina brazil.
1	he is the star of the show.
1	the specific name refers to cocos island.
1	it housed 47 wap-1 locos in 2008.
1	initially both elevators and rudder were horn-balanced.
1	it was previously held on a thursday.
1	centuri distributed the game in north america.
1	he also used it in the 90s.
1	the term bang phlat meaning 'lost place'.
1	sharsig founded the athletics in september 1880.
1	it also box pews dating from 1859.
1	she reigned supreme for over three decades.
1	meanwhile idps also face poor health access.
1	phoebe died in 1826 at age 93.
1	orwell house and coldham are chief residences.
1	in 2001 adrian van hooydonk became president.
1	bill turns around and heather has left.
1	he is branded as a card cheat.
1	sevasadanam was released on 2 may 1938.
1	the population was 605 as of 2013.
1	he was a member of viii riigikogu.
1	home games are played at riggs field.
1	the average literacy rate stands at 80.62%.
1	alexander j. j. g.: the decorated letter.
1	in 1934 filipjev proposed the genus pratylenchus.
1	sting proceeded to walk out on hogan.
1	mir fakir mohammed independent won in 1971.
1	the characters are quietly and subtly developed.
1	she sang in her high school choir.
1	herz was born heinrich herz in vienna.
1	i only saw david get angry once.
1	police and lifeguards could help out too.
1	it is located at 72 turnham avenue.
1	it has been introduced elsewhere including ethiopia.
1	his wife died two years before him.
1	they also used sweat-houses and menstrual lodges.
1	this new rocket was dubbed the n1.
1	the 2018 event attracted around 300 attendees.
1	the melanoma research alliance supported the bill.
1	approximately a suicide per day since 2016.
1	services are operated by west midlands trains.
1	in 1970 zephyrhills high school was desegregated.
1	stephane groueff crown of thorns lanham md.
1	the firefighters inside were ordered back down.
1	he later pursued track and high jumping.
1	the second consists of three statues robust.
1	he was married and had two daughters.
1	softball canada hall of fame in 1997.
1	she voiced molly cunningham on disney's talespin.
1	verhoeven was not happy with the movie.
1	by monday june 14 44 had them.
1	noddy is the protagonist of the series.
1	it also reached number three in scotland.
1	she later married him but they divorced.
1	beards fork is located at (38.063720 81.227329).
1	ceiriog memorial institute glyn ceiriog north wales.
1	raj tells madhurima that he loves her.
1	the wittum was often stipulated by law.
1	the earlier years of our lord 1864.
1	joannopoulos was born in new york city.
1	available on netflix streaming in november 2018.
1	taxis the red taxi serve city garden.
1	this laptop includes webcam and bluetooth adapter.
1	the first board was chaired by brig.
1	research engineer smith and sun to present.
1	since 2016 it is a separate company.
1	there are several buildings of architectural interest.
1	she was the niece of maughan carter.
1	several antelopes are found in different habitats.
1	carmona was then placed in the icu.
1	the couple both come from wealthy families.
1	the muscles soon wither away from atrophy.
1	the semifinal winners advance to the finals.
1	the old walauwa was demolished in 1952.
1	results not in chronological order in 2020.
1	on the april 14 episode of smackdown!
1	merenda was raised in durham new hampshire.
1	the khutbah is given by the imam.
1	they planned to visit mailam murugan temple.
1	croats have nothing to redeem themselves for.
1	trial runs began on april 16 2020.
1	he married felicia apimpanta in august 2021.
1	he made six appearances for the club.
1	the film was released january 25 2005.
1	soncino classics collection is a commercial software.
1	numbers exceeding 100 troops are in emphasis.
1	george young was also married in 1998.
1	the subjects thrupp chose were often religious.
1	they yielded no artefacts of byzantine provenance.
1	as a result hart retained the title.
1	he was born in stadtroda thuringia germany.
1	he finished second in the 2017 web.
1	such backlights are popular in digital watches.
1	neon ballroom took six months to record.
1	nothing visible remains of the village itself.
1	thirty-two teams entered in the first round.
1	it usually appears as hab or hap.
1	some stones still remain at the site.
1	die bibel und das christliche volksleben (1902).
1	it was razed around the year 1915.
1	he featured in 32 games playing 3.
1	he exited the role in october 2013.
1	lesley judd also appeared in this programme.
1	the castle was rebuilt during the renaissance.
1	the fish releases the spores after spawning.
1	this creates a buzzy synthesizer like tone.
1	jon and nat now play in sandrider.
1	hathway digital cable also provides colors hd.
1	i want to be a world champion!
1	a common interpolation function is linear interpolation.
1	it will be held in santiago chile.
1	sold in 2012 and subsequently renamed evora.
1	the leaves 241 and 242 are palimpsests.
1	ankur bhatia was born in bhopal india.
1	it is either open or closed loop.
1	the population was 140 as of 2010.
1	atlantic ocean battle of the atlantic 1940-1945,?
1	a long-buried yet troubled romance is reignited.
1	her first recordings were released in 1938.
1	name blending often creates a unique surname.
1	pakistan would have remained a united country.
1	sonata for solo viola no. 3 op.
1	university museum university of pennsylvania philadelphia pa.
1	in 1969 miller-lerman married dr. stephen lerman.
1	in 1946 hollis married doreen emmet stancliffe.
1	orleans county vermont is to the east.
1	a dam is located above the town.
1	other species are sedentary or short-range migrants.
1	intruders are attacked with intimidating rolling dives.
1	the series premiered on january 30 2012.
1	in 2017 they welcomed a daughter madalena.
1	the northeast produced 30.7% (12.7 thousand tons).
1	he was an orthopedic and spine surgeon.
1	he also consulted sketches daguerrotypes and lithographs.
1	first jason writes and records the music.
1	he represented the manithaneya makkal katchi party.
1	since 1992 christian stoess has been president.
1	her books are widely read in europe.
1	pali the original language of theravada buddhism.
1	it's the home place of cp vic.
1	the film was named after this painting.
1	dibble h.l. d. williamson and b.m. evans.
1	this last contains an important main altar.
1	akira terao won the fns music festival.
1	he was also assigned to teach philosophy.
1	it was aired on september 22 2010.
1	the church was designed by johan digre.
1	it was all stored in his head.
1	the wreck was initially discovered in 1998.
1	the multi-hipped roof was clad in durasbestos.
1	it was broadcast on april 26 1953.
1	she also produced two substantial piano concertos.
1	also known as the tait flyping conjecture.
1	it was available on satellite and cable.
1	paperback ed. new york: cosimo classics 2009.
1	seed no. 1 advance to the finals.
1	her mother became a migrants rights advocate.
1	their home ground is jemal zeinklishvili stadium.
1	he was murdered in salem in 1867.
1	it is based on the italian pronunciation.
1	she stayed in hospital for four days.
1	the party is led by mike schreiner.
1	the law also applies to print media.
1	his father was the philosopher benno erdmann.
1	antipas is politically subdivided into 13 barangays.
1	the definition and interpretation of levallois technology.
1	image is located in margaritifer sinus quadrangle.
1	born in johnstown pennsylvania of irish descent.
1	it was won by the liberal party.
1	events in bold indicate grand slam events.
1	moreover the weakness of xl-sma is progressive.
1	performing music in the age of recording.
1	there was no shoulder patch in 1918.
1	autophagia affects both humans and non humans.
1	she provided the club with its headquarters.
1	the preparation is similar to jowar bhakris.
1	before 1300 there were several universitates scholiarum.
1	us airways' participation in star alliance lapsed.
1	however it was never released in cinemas.
1	extensions to tufts university or were considered.
1	actor ernesto alonso produced both telenovela versions.
1	lien is married to lien fang yu.
1	george's son was alexander wood lord wood.
1	underneath the eastern hill wild birds shrieking.
1	bartsch was born and died in vienna.
1	some had their money and belongings stolen.
1	he became a millionaire by age 26.
1	margery danby who married christopher mallory esquire.
1	staroye petrovskoye is the nearest rural locality.
1	the parents of wendy john and michael.
1	bassersdorf has an unemployment rate of 3.46%.
1	channaiah odeyar 91 indian lok sabha mp.
1	in 2015 shopclues was valued at us$1.
1	in boys the penis will be enlarged.
1	we were after something like pure spontaneity.
1	radar transceivers may be coherent or non-coherent.
1	hetet's father is master carver rangi hetet.
1	vandaveer's fourth full-length lp oh willie please.
1	it was described by rothschild in 1913.
1	he eventually served as the vicar general.
1	chicopee is a city in western massachusetts.
1	two of the incumbent councillors were unchallenged.
1	this is intended to prevent facial injuries.
1	her innate innocence seeps into her performance.
1	it was consecrated on march 29 1994.
1	he was welcomed by four shawm players.
1	the journal later transferred him to beirut.
1	i should have joined the extra's union.
1	zander bleck joint deal with interscope records.
1	berisha continued in this position until 2014.
1	it contains the pericope adulterae (john 8:3-11).
1	the bye in the second round remained.
1	wrsu currently operates mostly on free-form programming.
1	hearing senses sorrowful drops of love outside.
1	no record was found of either event.
1	trips typically run between october and may.
1	the forge was last mentioned in 1642.
1	he was promoted to lieutenant-general in 1916.
1	in many cases the role is hereditary.
1	he operated porsche ag in stuttgart germany.
1	henri pirenne histoire de belgique vol. 4.
1	in 1822 von stampfer married johanna wagner.
1	the population was 32 as of 2010.
1	yagodnaya polyana is the nearest rural locality.
1	charest slowly surpasses landry in the polls.
1	i am not coming to represent israel.
1	the college offers bachelor's and master's degrees.
1	in 1935 jona became a british subject.
1	in america it was released by cotillion.
1	located in the deciduous and mixed forests.
1	cargo transportation is exempt from the ban.
1	recipes vary the proportions of its components.
1	in 2012 he signed for join chainat.
1	his 2nd marriage was to susanne wright.
1	wildlife includes white-tailed deer turkey and quail.
1	march 2010 entourage edge v. 2.0 launched.
1	they denounced it as dissonant and sterile.
1	steroid replacement is a simple effective treatment.
1	michaela's body was found in her bedroom.
1	it was inaugurated on 21 march 1909.
1	in total five female candidates had contested.
1	the public representative acted as the chair.
1	medium b prison houses sentenced adult males.
1	the highest mountains are in north korea.
1	the home invasion had lasted seven hours.
1	his body was cremated within the forest.
1	consequently the resolution decreases with increasing range.
1	mmf file itself similar to module files.
1	bxc3 and black should win the endgame.
1	levine sb risen cb althof se eds.
1	telford taylor was credited as technical consultant.
1	hayes' trial began on september 13 2010.
1	a cook was known as a bhandary.
1	a. carneus is an infrequent human pathogen.
1	he introduced himself with his trademark 'shwmae!
1	gokurakuji station opened on april 1 1904.
1	stein departed helsinki empty-handed on 6 april.
1	the team's colours were black and white.
1	the film stars arjun sarja and seetha.
1	the coastline is alternately flat and cliff-lined.
1	after that he studied at delhi university.
1	because she's just a kind compassionate person.
1	chamois for 2 violins and piano op.
1	semimartingales and their stochastic calculus on manifolds.
1	i am never astray but always lost.
1	in 1102 a heer of horn existed.
1	the club colors are red and white.
1	for finite n these estimators are biased.
1	the species is found in new guinea.
1	adam schroeder is an american film producer.
1	on july 2 2015 sports dating inc.
1	it is found in mexico (vera cruz).
1	by 2020 21 species had been identified.
1	birch immigrated to new zealand in 1905.
1	this is then lit just before serving.
1	they both reside in the united states.
1	a psychoanalytic study of a fraternal twin.
1	the semifinals began on january 13 2013.
1	the flowers are small and light purple.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	in practice few adherents observe isolating strictly.
1	economic initiative union consulting center eiu library.
1	the model molecule is the monosubstituted benzene.
1	doty hid the body in a swamp.
1	the population was 43 as of 2010.
1	he also played for fc nordstern basel.
1	these inscriptions were carved by lucy sampson.
1	remnant native vegetation communities are still present.
1	these monuments were constructed while a ely.
1	july 1970 new english library ltd (london).
1	by 1910 there were 157 male patients.
1	the tribal nations actually own them collectively.
1	dick makes fun of beaver and mac.
1	tom casey became ceo in october 2011.
1	to all of you who have written.
1	highway 11 formerly passed through the town.
1	he continued his education earning a ph.
1	they are either accidents or copyright traps.
1	the compound is structurally related to benzaldehyde.
1	schmidt turned the house into a showroom.
1	norway is at the top with 77.12.
1	the russian-lanuage equivalent is bogdanov belarusian: bahdanau.
1	armed forces typically require a military oath.
1	one of his teachers was ernst wiechert.
1	on facebook he called himself werner schmidt.
1	the house has been renovated into apartments.
1	two of those contest were unopposed returns.
1	in 2009 tallygenicom was acquired by printronix.
1	the present marquessate was created in 1793.
1	despite the retrofit program the problems persisted.
1	he played college football at villanova university.
1	mcclendon jf sheldon a karpman b (1918).
1	a new olfactoric technique and some results.
1	tek founded the yuz foundation in 2007.
1	the area saw extensive fighting in 1974.
1	education in latvia is free and compulsory.
1	ferry porsche's mother was aloisia johanna kaes.
1	cristian burci founded prima tv in 1997.
1	two days later it entered revenue service.
1	this chemical makes rare appearances in nature.
1	on november 14 1970 emma mckay died.
1	the burst shots are at full resolution.
1	archbishop william king (1650-1729) archbishop of dublin.
1	the clay contains illite montmorillonite and kaolinite.
1	the origin of tunnel is not known.
1	the principal for cahs is dana moen.
1	the technique consists of 9 simple steps.
1	he retired as a referee in 2014.
1	married captain lawrence halsted in december 1803.
1	wynn initially sought to concentrate on powerlifting.
1	the platform also supports the temple's chedi.
1	it was described by rothschild in 1911.
1	the population was 23 as of 2010.
1	schaller was born and died in vienna.
1	he died in 1892 in mexico missouri.
1	the club is approximately north of detroit.
1	he was released on july 19 2021.
1	the film received mixed reviews from critics.
1	in 1979 he married marjorie kaiz offer.
1	he remained at michael reese until 1990.
1	all helicity configuration can be computed independently.
1	geac corporation's operating system was named geac.
1	radio is the school's own radio station.
1	altered by ralph adams cram and others.
1	this area is a concern under felda.
1	the proboscis or rostrum lacks a beak.
1	they include repetitiveness salience homologousness and resources.
1	patty berg won the most tournaments six.
1	it is headquartered in the united states.
1	are you glad to be in america?
1	the arena was re-opened on june 1994.
1	its seat is the town of recuay.
1	high dilutions of something are not nothing.
1	ray bassett is a former irish diplomat.
1	his views and talents were regarded favorably.
1	del's lemonade is available in 20 states.
1	he departed the newspaper july 25 2019.
1	the dangers were not unknown in antiquity.
1	krynki originally was home to three synagogues.
1	the village has a population of 249.
1	kaihimmakuhari station opened on 3 march 1986.
1	this was the first such postgraduate course.
1	prodigal son or le fils prodigue op.
1	you don't want to be a gangster.
1	he resigned due to various prior convictions.
1	the airport manager is kim w. hopper.
1	it is found in papua new guinea.
1	teams would receive a minimum of us$1.
1	his escape attempt is foiled by avengers.
1	he was born pietro sarpi in venice.
1	the famous penobscot ranch still exists today.
1	it now functions as a machinery store.
1	he popularized this bani around the globe.
1	the murder remains unsolved as of 2021.
1	from this marriage they had four children.
1	kbfe came to air august 26 1976.
1	the team would lose in the final.
1	his daughter elizabeth euretta married charles richardson.
1	erik josten was born in milwaukee wisconsin.
1	mr graeme murray owens of western australia.
1	john was registered in britain in 1790.
1	the book was published in january 2011.
1	pisky was previously located in lokhvytsia raion.
1	he became mayor of ljubljana in 1607.
1	animations were created simultaneously and during post-production.
1	in 1997 soto married actor costas mandylor.
1	it is owned by the u.s. army.
1	for district level information see kolkata district.
1	it is found only in java indonesia.
1	it is the seat of its county.
1	this was put into operation in 1918.
1	the second championship started in autumn 1936.
1	her research considers mammalian carnivores and conservation.
1	ponce's hometown has also influenced his artwork.
1	the museum opened on 2 october 2021.
1	both men missed but they remained antagonised.
1	we learn that six months have passed.
1	this term does not exist in hokkien.
1	kirkwood g.m. foreword to the paperback edition.
1	the letters of henry adams 6 vols.
1	after a stormy passage he made valdivia.
1	later he lost his ability to work.
1	bidhyanath pokhrel 76 nepali poet and politician.
1	all places are determined by best-of-3 series.
1	in 1997 drummer dan moyse replaced dobek.
1	birdlife international (2007) species factsheet: euthlypis lachrymosa.
1	later he served in world war ii.
1	the met's music director arturo toscanini conducted.
1	a total solar eclipse on july 11.
1	r. a. schindler and s. henry (eds).
1	clamp connections are present in the hyphae.
1	there is no auspiciousness greater than hayagrivan.
1	the company founded in nevada as shopoverseas.
1	world junior curling championships: bronze (2011 2012).
1	the database contained over 200 million records.
1	in 1925 he transferred to foreign intelligence.
1	mobilise runs student and twenties workers' retreats.
1	he graduated from the institute in 1980.
1	it is found in cameroon and gabon.
1	vidyanagar is considered as gujarat's education hub.
1	romania is an oil and gas producer.
1	succession to the kingship was through tanistry.
1	in 2017 the commune had 68 inhabitants.
1	the harlequins played in the sophia gardens.
1	arakkal's paintings are singularly expressionistic in style.
1	next hack meyers took on val puccio.
1	grafton is a hamlet in shropshire england.
1	this species reached a length of tl.
1	separated water is discharged to the sea.
1	well-known stars often guest-starred in one-time roles.
1	it is named after sir lyell mcewin.
1	the national office is now in auckland.
1	shepley died in bromley kent in 1975.
1	a new corporation the planet star corp.
1	jaffe had been appointed to a judgeship.
1	sirimathipaya mansion houses the prime minister's office.
1	the deal was backed by abn amro.
1	he therefore followed leo in various travels.
1	johanne astrid was born in viborg denmark.
1	the plot often includes pregnancy and children.
1	once the die has started it self-feeds.
1	he moved to ripon wisconsin in 1886.
1	the college is affiliated to vidyasagar university.
1	messages were sent and amnesty was offered.
1	its area is almost with 8,333 people.
1	currently it is supported on microsoft windows.
1	when he starts the car it explodes.
1	race horse was an 1850 clipper barque.
1	the property presently retains its rural character.
1	voter turnout was between 82% and 84%.
1	santos reportedly retained a 20% sell-on fee.
1	bill burnett 77 south african anglican archbishop.
1	the magazine is edited by tony cook.
1	most of her family still resides there.
1	jones was born in new york city.
1	sakshi is being held hostage by anjana.
1	it is found on the philippines (luzon).
1	the chancel is floored with encaustic tiles.
1	hugh chalmers created saxon motors in 1913.
1	its seat is in the village hesel.
1	the present building was built in 2013.
1	the pair toured australia to sold-out shows.
1	usually entertainment such as dancing are held.
1	with a 5,000 meter time of 16:44.
1	maria a. oquendo is an american psychiatrist.
1	the place was said to be haunted.
1	in 2010 the airport carried 481,900 passengers.
1	initially there were small stores and commerce.
1	erdmann was not alone with these theses.
1	it controlled shan guo and hua prefectures.
1	nabuur started operating on 30 october 2001.
1	the grens later worked and traveled together.
1	prairie creek is located at (36.340915 94.061603).
1	it was renamed baoyi army in 889.
1	he played college baseball at vanderbilt university.
1	seymour benzer 86 american genetic biologist stroke.
1	the name means 'bend' 'twist' or 'curve'.
1	it was held bankrupt in january 1934.
1	paul was in contact with this community.
1	the picturesque landscape is popular with tourists.
1	modern industrial production was established in 1916.
1	the west side of big indian mtn.
1	vice magazine profiled lofti in october 2015.
1	upon remarking how does the song go?
1	she finished the year at no. 6.
1	small pins hold the paper in place.
1	the writer dubbed the condition ps2 thumb.
1	he was media representative for the group.
1	he was released on 14 march 1973.
1	he was a student of friedrich meinecke.
1	the samica river flows through the lake.
1	it competes as a member of concacaf.
1	lophopterys is a genus in the malpighiaceae.
1	unpasteurized dairy products may pose a risk.
1	ray baker is a nashville record producer.
1	thus they enjoy very secure social standing.
1	raj is one of the tour guides.
1	the swiss banks firmly denied the charges.
1	the win moved keating bleekemolen and viperexchange.
1	i know the israelis are human beings.
1	it was designed by sir robert lorimer.
1	the anglo-american jesuits fiercely opposed this proposal.
1	the population was 315 as of 2010.
1	upon restoration however tvrtko's power steadily increased.
1	the rear brakes were on each wheel.
1	kevin harvick dropped from 2nd to 16th.
1	oh sovereign i deeply regret your trouble.
1	his hi-hats are sabian 14-inch hhx evolution.
1	the competition started on 6 october 2017.
1	brundle has been involved in driver management.
1	gordon and breach new york ny 1968.
1	they can grow to a fork length.
1	encinas died in december 1995 of leukemia.
1	in 1951 for the composition demand peace!
1	she released secret mix in march 2014.
1	most master courses are taught in english.
1	sedition laws are misused by the state.
1	many developing countries follow the same fashion.
1	seth gabel (born seth cosentino) american actor.
1	she was the first female life member.
1	mathilda hall (1833-1894) was a swedish educator.
1	the route was abandoned after august 1932.
1	critics were somewhat split in their reviews.
1	in 1985 it started awarding phd degrees.
1	otherwise the family is said linearly dependent.
1	the ruins of legendary parinagar are nearby.
1	don't vote for him because he's tough.
1	uses an ice-spraying gun as his weapon.
1	rosmini was also a noted banjo player.
1	he's more of a shitty lifestyle brand.
1	both are carried via the b-52 bomber.
1	it was released on september 18 2020.
1	a total of eleven sports were contested.
1	the library is open for public access.
1	professor monica alonso cotta: obtained her b.sc.
1	the incas promised battle the next day.
1	he played college football at ohio state.
1	fraser (1980) and smith add additional routes.
1	legs with broad tarsi and short tibiae.
1	at that time the runway was earthy.
1	gaylord's bass player jeff was crazy too.
1	he learned theology in bratislava and szombathely.
1	they are elected to three year terms.
1	it was damaged several times in overshoots.
1	after that he was also a pastor.
1	for a time sandie was its co-editor.
1	this petition has received over 200,000 signatures.
1	her crew consisted of americans and french.
1	circus magazine described the album as sick!
1	the reverend david george peake of victoria.
1	his exact date of birth is unknown.
1	mcgraw-hill education 5th edition (september 7 2018).
1	tonquin safely returned to new york city.
1	fifty people were killed by the tornadoes.
1	he became mayor of ljubljana in 1582.
1	she posted an invitation time of 1:26.
1	the movie was nikhila vimal's debut movie.
1	forbes subsequently retired ending her illustrious career.
1	the club released him in april 2020.
1	her daughter is the actress malika nzinga.
1	in february 2022 iheartmedia invested in sounder.
1	the sbvt statements were accompanied by affidavits.
1	the town has a population of 1,211.
1	alarije is thought to originate in spain.
1	bullet wave by bcv on harashouten hara00001.
1	the ship remained there for two weeks.
1	assist members in finding new business opportunities.
1	they had one son and three daughters.
1	hilary's godfather was the painter colin mccahon.
1	alberto mercado (antonio gasalla) rafael's former boss.
1	rinconsaurus like all sauropods was an herbivore.
1	the house floor is made with boards.
1	furthermore the pitcher had to throw underhand.
1	after this season mccoy turned to coaching.
1	mrs martina reisgys of new south wales.
1	mariupol after dnr was released in 2015.
1	he was released on march 4 2019.
1	furthermore the proposed design needed new testing.
1	eliminating non-value added resources is still necessary.
1	nearly 150 were made prisoners of war.
1	cephalosporins are not effective for treating listeriosis.
1	in 1927 he was awarded a ph.
1	illinois scored twice in the third quarter.
1	it was described by walsingham in 1897.
1	the company is headquartered in chicago illinois.
1	the population was 259 as of 2010.
1	the village's population was 685 in 2021.
1	he was appointed deputy lieutenant for cornwall.
1	we should be ashamed of such proposals.
1	that's not how i live my life.
1	they have a daughter and a son.
1	it is called lessons for my daughter.
1	hafen produced customized crossbows using winzeler parts.
1	there was also help from kageyoshi noro.
1	it was used only for military aircraft.
1	bbc radio surrey had a chequered history.
1	the station was relaunched in april 2006.
1	the oft-cited motivation is serre's intersection formula.
1	in january 1994 she married joseph andriano.
1	his consecration was on march 8 1855.
1	they had previously been powered by kelkoo.
1	he earned his first pro bowl nomination.
1	kono district is divided into fourteen chiefdoms.
1	later i used it for a planter.
1	the california chapters immediately were given exemptions.
1	south africa has an embassy in riyadh.
1	their illnesses vanish and they become prosperous.
1	the species overwinters in the larval stage.
1	marienburg castle was surrounded by two moats.
1	journal of cold war studies 20(3) 207-249.
1	nuno miguel cerqueira dias 37 portuguese swimmer.
1	in 1975 the boundary was significantly altered.
1	charles nerinckx the founder of the order.
1	koppikar acted in five films in 2003.
1	esteban mellino 63 argentine actor heart attack.
1	soon this organisation spread throughout the county.
1	in 1736 the confraternity became an archconfraternity.
1	the second olympics was held in paris.
1	sysavanh currently plays for panama city pirates.
1	abashidze returned to his estates in imereti.
1	his father died when he was seven.
1	it has a large landscaped sports park.
1	muhrbeck died in greifswald at age 72.
1	i know that eventually affected my performance.
1	lorna laboso 47 kenyan politician plane crash.
1	he published several notes from his observations.
1	its corneas turn yellow in bright light.
1	his parents were running a sewing workshop.
1	he ultimately decided to play at usc.
1	they mine the leaves of their host.
1	hence the war created an interesting paradox.
1	lad mags included maxim fhm and loaded.
1	it was described in 1930 by ray.
1	her maternal grandmother is of lebanese descent.
1	the examination is a closed book test.
1	padilla is an anti-malaria advocate since 2004.
1	the allied advance quickly ran into trouble.
1	the forests provided shelter from the winter.
1	it was barrett's ninth provincial winners' medal.
1	changes in the lead lessened its appeal.
1	sonia deepti as priya shiva's best friend.
1	lanini signed a 3-year contract with juventus.
1	exhausted from the dance ivan falls asleep.
1	according to the testing squadron the dh.
1	she escorts him to meet her guests.
1	benveniste admitted to having noticed this himself.
1	he asks if she received his note.
1	the districts cover the following neighborhoods approximately.
1	treadwell's footage was found after his death.
1	she began her professional career in 2006.
1	internally there is a much-restored hammerbeam roof.
1	in shaoxing 2,000 manchus were also killed.
1	it was the thirteenth australian gt championship.
1	teaching assistant university of cambridge primary school.
1	it was owned by raymundo romero damian.
1	peter knecht 78 american defense attorney cancer.
1	the fruit is shorter than the flower.
1	this record is not once but twice.
1	the album was received very warmly critics.
1	charles richard vernon stagg h.m. ambassador sofia.
1	pannalal bhattacharya is a great matri bhakta.
1	padilla's contract with abs-cbn expired in 2006.
1	its walls were torn down in 1888.
1	thorndike contributed a great deal to psychology.
1	szajna who remained was often sharply criticized.
1	woodpecker explains the need for the hat.
1	in 2017 he moved to olimpija ljubljana.
1	stressor controllability modulates fear extinction in humans.
1	natural reserve guaniquilla is located in pedernales.
1	trevor kennard kicked a 14-yard field goal.
1	during the great depression work dried up.
1	wallach began to weaken due to shock.
1	reinforced-concrete spandrel columns carry the reinforced-concrete roadway.
1	the amount of damaged property was countless.
1	he was sentenced to five years' imprisonment.
1	testing performed at an interval of d0.
1	the larvae probably feed on celmisia spectabilis.
1	however the deal has since been canceled.
1	the action rarely moves away from it.
1	maisie's warm personality gradually overcomes slim's hostility.
1	it was described by thomson in 1860.
1	residential development was substantially complete by 1980.
1	gradually members of these organizations grew bolder.
1	he served as chairman until his death.
1	he gave up his seat in 1790.
1	she was commissioned on 3 august 1936.
1	she won the 2022 madeira international tournament.
1	the game currently has 31 playable characters.
1	collector hm board of customs and excise.
1	he remained secretary of the election commission.
1	the couple had two children before divorcing.
1	he played college football at fresno state.
1	he began his music career in 2006.
1	the congregation was paid an undisclosed fee.
1	he also represented wales at semi-professional level.
1	for services to the community champions fund.
1	it currently plays in italy in promozione.
1	these hypotheses are presented in the following.
1	she currently lives in bangalore karnataka india.
1	inspirepac has a factory on sandbeck lane.
1	the species can grow well without irrigation.
1	lauren goes upstairs again the next day.
1	assistant director hm board of inland revenue.
1	liangzhe was the wealthiest circuit in song.
1	the mode of transmission is also unclear.
1	throughout the years they continued their experiments.
1	her daughter mary also became an artist.
1	with the death of the late gov.
1	her term as governor ended in 2010.
1	werner vetterli 79 swiss olympic modern pentathlete.
1	it spans and rises above the river.
1	hersch has compared sanders to keith jarrett.
1	order of legs reversed after original draw.
1	vice-president of the north suburban cycling club.
1	both males and females are so styled.
1	the cne grew up fast and determined.
1	fossils have been found in united states.
1	it has always been an abc affiliate.
1	the designer was advanced to fashion week.
1	ferdinand ii was only 20 years old.
1	he was named after his paternal grandfather.
1	frege defines numbers as extensions of concepts.
1	a lighthouse is located on the island.
1	the following organisations were awarded this year.
1	gunther stent 84 german molecular biologist pneumonia.
1	the government declared a curfew in colombo.
1	not much information is available about him.
1	this lizard is a mid-size day gecko.
1	gervinho captained ivory coast at u23 level.
1	the model won project runway season 12.
1	usually these were part of larger exhibitions.
1	the oscoda county park is minutes away.
1	the datil-mogollon section lies to the south.
1	granted the words are hard to miss.
1	the team finished 3rd in the conference.
1	hla-b22 (b22) is an hla b serotype.
1	it is found on the andaman islands.
1	for services to the highlands and islands.
1	it would be his last public appearance.
1	hiroshi is a fan of professional wrestling.
1	he remained in that position until 1832.
1	asiamah was born on august 28 1958.
1	it dissipated over virginia on september 13.
1	malik's 1st son mr. masud malik m.com.
1	the work was destroyed in august 2016.
1	the village has a population of 65.
1	the organisation is based on socialist ideology.
1	the barbary navies were not battle fleets.
1	you get the feeling that was intentional.
1	the male was first described in 2007.
1	he learned sindhi persian urdu and arabic.
1	hvar town is the main tourist centre.
1	the life work of mrs. charlotte fanning.
1	yamashita himself had appeared in the commercial.
1	officials from each country denied the accusations.
1	quartetto mistico string quartet no. 1 op.
1	filming took place there during july 2014.
1	kimulidae are probably closely related to escadabiidae.
1	and from now on i work alone.
1	in june 2007 signed with lokomotiv mezdra.
1	his vice-president was dr. manuel vitorino pereira.
1	henry thus resolved to bully the priests.
1	events from the year 1810 in france.
1	the village has a population of 154.
1	casson wrote 168 books on business success.
1	two drolleries after brouwer h. bary fec.
1	he also worked as a basketball coach.
1	neither theory however has been conclusively proven.
1	fitzpatrick graduated from stanford university in 1999.
1	he lettered in football basketball and golf.
1	oomen led at the volta ao algarve.
1	the service broadcasts 24 hours a day.
1	schlupp started his career as a striker.
1	he had earlier represented huntingdonshire in parliament.
1	the series airs worldwide on tnt series.
1	skalka is known for a small spa.
1	the site is divided into two units.
1	the rohrer campus has experienced rapid growth.
1	events in the year 2018 in egypt.
1	borha khu is played by two players.
1	the present structure was built in 1851.
1	there are speed cameras on this stretch.
1	the school is a second cycle institution.
1	however the tail hair should not feather.
1	it crystallizes in the orthorhombic crystal system.
1	mohneesh mishra hailakandi's police chief told scroll.
1	he retained this post until his death.
1	muir returning to st kilda in 1980.
1	voters rejected it by a sizable margin.
1	later he moved to america then london.
1	cookie lommel was born in cleveland ohio.
1	newlove george hillis and samuel paul garner.
1	and cover my eyes with your hands.
1	nadine caron first female first nations surgeon.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	by 2018 the union had 4,101 members.
1	bars continued business but the neighborhood declined.
1	in addition to its inclusion on sandinista!
1	it is located south of metlakatla alaska.
1	three original buildings are still in use.
1	life in mecklenburg could be quite harsh.
1	bbc ukrainian started its broadcasts in 1992.
1	it won the 2012 walter lawrence trophy.
1	all identical alleles are identical by descent.
1	it also offers doctoral level fellowship programmes.
1	this sanctuary was ultimately notified in 2004.
1	he was a trustee of alcorn university.
1	the modern line currently serves seven stations.
1	the cirque opens south to the labyrinth.
1	that was the judgement of a fool.
1	line of sight aware systems operate automatically.
1	dr. newton died on january 24 1950.
1	such was also the practice in yemen.
1	this made japan a dominant asian power.
1	as mentioned above wheeler rejected this interpretation.
1	his last film appearance was in 1941.
1	the blackbutt is a preferred logging species.
1	russell retired from the legislature in 1989.
1	the jugal was long and transversely thin.
1	both lines were completely opened in 1998.
1	tozer joined the milwaukee wave in 1992.
1	kazakov tends gayane devotedly and she recovers.
1	he came from a moderately wealthy family.
1	he was released on november 27 2017.
1	in spain the series airs on ten.
1	he graduated with a j.d. in 1975.
1	the refuge's wildlife populations are mainly diverse.
1	yasseri is a tedx thessaloniki 2019 speaker.
1	some calderas were subject to comprehensive research.
1	germansen's instincts had been on the money.
1	bangalore international airport is the nearest airport.
1	table based on database of historic members.
1	it has nfc esim and ultra-wideband technology.
1	fahmi said commanded the independent mechanized brigade.
1	both conservative and liberal groups were scrutinized.
1	it features her protagonist di jack caffery.
1	the climate varies markedly within the state.
1	the elevator unit is located between them.
1	the following day the nazis invaded denmark.
1	kamal shabib commanded the 1st infantry division.
1	he dated actress apollonia in the 1980s.
1	yoshikatsu was invited to join but declined.
1	antle's second marriage was to radha hirsch.
1	sen soulintha had the burmese ambassadors killed.
1	this process has some serious pitfalls however.
1	he becomes king of this nephite colony.
1	ferguson launched the hub in may 2020.
1	he is a patron of ms australia.
1	the village has a population of 1,000.
1	the moustached babbler is found in sundaland.
1	those contracts were signed in november 2018.
1	gregory specialized in new testament textual criticism.
1	jennifer mcgrath fitzpatrick is an american engineer.
1	nicknamed by the danish media as mr.
1	the team is located in hakata fukuoka.
1	evidence from norwegian swedish german and dutch.
1	the dispute dragged on for several months.
1	saleaumua was born in san diego california.
1	this confrontation would persist throughout his life.
1	banded orange heliconian (dryadula phaetusa) male underside.
1	republished in 2012 milano: corriere della sera.
1	he grew up in new york city.
1	pivano was born in genoa in 1917.
1	he was released on march 1 2001.
1	this was increased to two in 1927.
1	in 2014 vertex acquired navus environmental inc.
1	masako (ayame misaki) creates movie audio descriptions.
1	the boundaries of relational transgressions are permeable.
1	many critics did not like the work.
1	the ieaf benefited immensely from the program.
1	he was waived on july 16 2021.
1	hayden b. peake and samuel halpern 1998.
1	genomes are linear around 40-42kb in length.
1	heli may have been in county westmeath.
1	talmadge instead ran for the u.s. senate.
1	samson and the lion in peterhof russia.
1	the had only of fuel per vehicle.
1	his work focuses primarily on the outdoors.
1	he injects the same serum into chemo.
1	the competition is an annual knockout tournament.
1	he signed a four-year contract until 2020.
1	she had two brothers torquhil and malcolm.
1	in 2003 two all-star games were played.
1	of injuries arising from negligence or folly.
1	the rejection means yale's ownership is absolute.
1	he is a graduate of harvard college.
1	balot was married to comedian matimtiman cruz.
1	it is built along the stuart highway.
1	ushuaia is surrounded by magellanic subpolar forests.
1	from 1929 he was based in hollywood.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	bebryx was also the father of pyrene.
1	enno patalas sozialgeschichte des stars hamburg 1963.
1	it was used as an anti-ship weapon.
1	professors kazi abdul wadud and anwarul qadir.
1	named after doctor who actor tom baker.
1	bangladesh atomic energy scientists association (baesa) meeting.
1	his supposed daughter anne is voluntarily mute.
1	all trains run in a two-car formation.
1	thurl ravenscroft voiced him for disneyland records.
1	loves his wife who died of cancer.
1	fishing is also available at north bend.
1	ato sekyi-otu is a ghanaian political philosopher.
1	ted organized emf-8 in 1995 in nijmegen.
1	charles prince of wales attended the ceremony.
1	the hull was planked with pitch pine.
1	he has lost 25 pounds since 2008.
1	all trains run in a two-car formation.
1	castell de lillet is a ruined castle.
1	it is from the 3rd century ce.
1	the legs and carapace are orange brown.
1	she added their stories to the collection.
1	the service frequency is hourly on weekends.
1	igor olman is largely the comic relief.
1	there are three faculties in the university.
1	the deal was completed in october 2020.
1	the yard was named petrozavod in 1913.
1	a big wreck happened involving 8 cars.
1	he was granted full parole in 2017.
1	magnuson-stevens fishery conservation and management act (msa).
1	after seeing his body she breaks down.
1	this turn-taking continues until the coin falls.
1	this approach remained in place ever since.
1	it was described by mckeown in 1942.
1	clayborn was born in st. louis missouri.
1	the cost was set at $50 million.
1	his impending marriage had to be postponed.
1	he left with the rank of lieutenant-colonel.
1	eventually all of the money was returned.
1	a slight generalization of the last example.
1	to lead see 10,781 and 6 examples.
1	disputes occurred in the city of jamnia.
1	julius caesar cantelmi was born in 1457.
1	for services to sport and sports broadcasting.
1	the song eventually peaked at number 36.
1	fraser island belong to the same sandmass.
1	microsoft's paper on machine learning with ml.
1	the next principal edward b. lumpkin sr.
1	she was the second of nine children.
1	in 1883 he married margaret osborne (d.1907).
1	it often hosts live music on weekends.
1	ibn yamin died at faryumad in 1368.
1	it ceased publication on 14 april 1887.
1	crystalloids generally are much cheaper than colloids.
1	his parents were neil and mary kinnear.
1	the 17th government lasted for 252 days.
1	connect each design to its 14 rows.
1	then she goes out with buddy walker.
1	exhibitions include 'da vinci: shaping the future'.
1	it was a time of great turmoil.
1	they have a daughter alice wolfe reichert.
1	the cup recently celebrated its 50th anniversary.
1	many animals are also monitored after release.
1	in 1930 peress revealed the tritonia suit.
1	an affiliated uk company simmonds aerocessories ltd.
1	joseph was born on october 3 1969.
1	it has a population of 9,072 (2004).
1	report about urbanization in latin american cities.
1	maria marshall dorothea strauss modo verlag 2002.
1	the history of freedom and other essays.
1	william zeal was president of the council.
1	humber made many other improvements to bicycles.
1	the type 31 was produced until 1902.
1	its main portal is of yellow stone.
1	for constant art had to be experimental.
1	anti-swedenborgianism manchester 1819 letters to john clowes.
1	in other cases free archives are provided.
1	she has written the book livets opskrift.
1	he was waived on september 2 2017.
1	it is uncertain what became of sablon.
1	it was released on 7 october 1977.
1	collector sdm is mention as deputy chairperson.
1	in 1991 the railroad tracks were abandoned.
1	hermann von helmholtz became its first president.
1	it was described in 1928 by scegoleva-barovskaja.
1	charles drury slain at nieuwpoort in 1600.
1	dorothy stafford who likely died in infancy.
1	it was reopened on october 1 2007.
1	sopa paraguaya is a traditional paraguayan dish.
1	it is the capital of inchiri region.
1	events in the year 1926 in turkey.
1	no pistillate plants were seen by kuijt.
1	spinner billie's husband is a womanizing spendthrift.
1	re-certified every 2-year period after the cer.
1	it runs for six hours a day.
1	not much is known about devaraya swamigal.
1	the people speak a distinct isoko language.
1	the club currently remains in division two.
1	he eventually became an important cotton merchant.
1	his last book was published in 1914.
1	they craft tin goods and repair metal.
1	five photos of shabani were also released.
1	daga has thirteen consonants and five vowels.
1	the whistleblower survival guide: courage without martyrdom.
1	she is of spanish and romanian ancestry.
1	rose attended st. mary-of-the-woods and franklin college.
1	his story was published in mathrubhoomi weekly.
1	finkelstein had several other results that day.
1	gastrodelphyidae is a family of parasitic copepods.
1	massachusetts and boston college are in-state rivals.
1	sajal aly actress graduated from beaconhouse lahore.
1	the patapsco drains into the chesapeake bay.
1	the army left korea in october 1953.
1	overall there were 18 complicated successful surgeries.
1	all tracks are produced by brian mcknight.
1	auckland print residency new zealand kaus australia.
1	this can be accomplished in two ways.
1	their raids crippled the economy of sumer.
1	he held this position since october 1976.
1	it was the second-highest-grossing film of 2003.
1	the company slogan is empowered by nature.
1	the game finished 20-0 to huddersfield town.
1	kenneth laine ketner is an american philosopher.
1	tipperary were the victors on that occasion.
1	these parallels make the novella somewhat autobiographical.
1	good drainage and water penetration is necessary.
1	the phoenix suns retired the number 832.
1	sidgwick was highly critical of physical mediumship.
1	it was widely used in diplomatic stations.
1	he has represented scotland at youth level.
1	newly rebuilt lines will use standard gauge.
1	in may 2008 kokomo was reformed temporarily.
1	bundaberg was named and surveyed in 1870.
1	viii c.30 was passed on his behalf.
1	smith began his sporting life with golf.
1	the school's current principal is amika prasad.
1	the festival attracted more than 400 fans.
1	other opponents however faced detention and exile.
1	hoofnagle jay h. and zachary d. goodman.
1	the military district was created in 1952.
1	he then moved to rio de janeiro.
1	sadler was instructed to restrict mary's freedom.
1	it is located approximately northeast of southampton.
1	the total number of voters was 8,631.
1	the total number of voters was 10,811.
1	wasserman was born in brooklyn new york.
1	the total number of voters was 4,963.
1	his pupils include jacopo sansovino (no relation).
1	several pmcs were killed during the clashes.
1	she promised to give me the book.
1	in 1995 ruzomberok became a district town.
1	two retrospective live albums appeared in 2006.
1	since establishment no major realignments have occurred.
1	along with the rollout of the ml.
1	giurgea coined the term nootropic in 1972.
1	sayantika and ranadeb married after babaida's death.
1	she soon moved on to the oregonian.
1	the total number of voters was 10,873.
1	the song was produced by kanye west.
1	onita pinned singh to win the title.
1	originally published in new worlds sf 1965.
1	london school of hygiene and tropical medicine.
1	the dvd includes a few easter eggs.
1	here they grew corn beans and squash.
1	under the title where are they now?
1	the name comes from the mapuche language.
1	it received generally positive reviews from critics.
1	the village has a population of 540.
1	a majority vote is required to win.
1	in tent city he met lilly caul.
1	snails are also eaten sometimes in paella.
1	indices are rebalanced daily at 07:00 gmt.
1	all episodes are believed to be lost.
1	learning area 1: profession of arms emphasis.
1	it was barrett's fifth all-ireland winners' medal.
1	in november 2018 sales began in china.
1	later bodhisena also joined as their companion.
1	power lines in many provinces were toppled.
1	croatia sesvete continued to write off players.
1	near the village is a wind park.
1	sold for breaking up in august 1922.
1	finance would come from the rank organisation.
1	sold 6 august 1937 to break up.
1	in 1997 he retired to gaithersburg maryland.
1	the structural design was by max walt.
1	peter evison (born 1964) english darts player.
1	it was extended to the following year.
1	ryan evison (born 1987) new zealand hydrologist.
1	the family eventually accepts the surrogacy situation.
1	isaac started the printing business in 1854.
1	sales of the land occurred in 1835.
1	this unique collaboration won an aria award.
1	one of his children was henry hutchinson.
1	tawakoni lipan apache and comanche first inhabitants.
1	they usually derive from genealogies of kings.
1	the gills are brown and medium spaced.
1	previous representations had varying levels of success.
1	regardless scrapping began a few weeks later.
1	kirk baily as brawn an autobot commando.
1	the court ruled in the players favor.
1	henry's flirtations cause dissension between the sisters.
1	the company was active in service organizations.
1	he is commemorated on the thiepval memorial.
1	malcolm ross 91 canadian literary critic pneumonia.
1	interface is the debut album by dominion.
1	it was released by full moon features.
1	his supervisor was shitao scholar jonathan hay.
1	the film is dedicated to her memory.
1	the casket of gems (from chinese) 1872.
1	after peleus died he succeeded phtia's throne.
1	faith was a case of just-right balance.
1	minors are offered in theatre and dance.
1	liulin-type is a class of spectrometry-dosimetry instruments.
1	the restaurant received praise for its salads.
1	thus inhibitors have been targeted towards ulk1.
1	madonna at madame tussauds hong kong (retouched).
1	my coach told me that as well.
1	similar to other mtv channels in europe.
1	several additional problems turned up during testing.
1	john mantle judah married mary saunders jameson.
1	he also did pieces promoting the army.
1	an ft is on permanent outdoor display.
1	he completed his preparatory education in 1770.
1	an ecpe qualification is valid for life.
1	estonia finished the tournament in 20th place.
1	it first flew on may 18 2015.
1	most of the compositions were flanagan originals.
1	the achaeans besieged troy for nine years.
1	achilles landed in skyros and married deidamia.
1	it has a population of 187,422 (2007).
1	these are committees that have few functions.
1	he was released on may 14 2017.
1	charlotte studied sculpture under mlle fanny dubois-davesnes.
1	the population was 139 as of 2010.
1	he was released on july 7 2016.
1	the total number of voters was 5,770.
1	canada qualified a women's beach volleyball pair.
1	the population was 627 as of 2018.
1	it became a regional estate in 1976.
1	it is found on very few organs.
1	recorded at quadraphonic sound studio (nashville tn).
1	in 2003 the blackburn coachlines operation ceased.
1	they had one child son maximillian fuse.
1	the total number of voters was 11,342.
1	the gables contained roundels in the tympanae.
1	pevats pleaded mistake and non est factum.
1	it was released on september 27 2013.
1	the joseon ambassador was received by hideyoshi.
1	his father and his grandfather were republicans.
1	in 2012 the band began facing difficulties.
1	in chile the album was certified gold.
1	others claim that the stones are cannonballs.
1	rumours took the same amount of time.
1	department of the missouri to october 1865.
1	the solid shell is depressed and imperforate.
1	handy ordained seven colored deacons in 1854.
1	m. h. l. whitehouse (109968) (acting) rafvr.
1	he lives and works in milan italy.
1	u.f.o.f. received critical acclaim upon its release.
1	meetings are not scheduled at prayer time.
1	it is a one-story frame pyramid house.
1	native americans first made use of jojoba.
1	oreste benzi 82 italian roman catholic priest.
1	the battalion was then sent to france.
1	montreat normal school opened in october 1916.
1	west hill school was formally a home.
1	salford school co-ed school in rosedale area.
1	jong-ok is a korean unisex given name.
1	manganese ore is available in balangir district.
1	this ownership would persist into the 1980s.
1	the population was 196 as of 2010.
1	gruppe claimed seven aerial victories without loss.
1	he was released on march 28 2016.
1	produced by michael mcdonald and russ titelman.
1	three homes were destroyed by the fire.
1	samantha summers is the nonprofits communications director.
1	they could be over two feet long.
1	the recording includes a track called twang!
1	wad stands for where's all the data?
1	sanborn wrote reviews for the national magazine.
1	they are following the hindu festivals celebration.
1	the family took its name from baggio.
1	journal of endometriosis and pelvic pain disorders.
1	she did not seek re-election in 2016.
1	a demo version is known to exist.
1	this became the county's courthouse in 1897.
1	the concerts received mixed reviews by critics.
1	the city councils also elects city mayors.
1	cagney received widespread praise for his performance.
1	phil-agro industrial corporation is in starch production.
1	these provisions were supposed to be temporary.
1	the station is owned by hc2 holdings.
1	the population was 722 as of 2010.
1	sage hospitality operates the hotel for pebblebrook.
1	he elected free agency on october 29.
1	the character of philip blake is omitted.
1	construction started on the project in 2020.
1	clara was portrayed by actress hope summers.
1	hulick was the host in three versions.
1	hurricane pali had severe impacts in kiribati.
1	the campaign culminated by 31 october 2010.
1	they were declared national monuments in 2003.
1	wireless telegraph stations of the world (1912).
1	quantum theory group led by dieter jaksch.
1	atom-photon physics group led by axel kuhn.
1	polygraphia nova was composed of thee sections.
1	his brother paul is a catholic priest.
1	this is up from 27,805 in 2001.
1	he lost the fight via unanimous decision.
1	dysgonomonas capnocytophagoides can cause diarrhoea and bacteraemia.
1	mimi rogers reached 33rd place winning $5,132.
1	grafting onto kunzea ambigua has been successful.
1	he was educated at king william's college.
1	she has two children (as of 2014).
1	the suit was withdrawn in march 1997.
1	in 1962 the linguistic border was drawn.
1	they had one son and one daughter.
1	the group meets year-round for once-a-week practices.
1	peter t. coolican assistant deputy postmaster general.
1	he worked in cosenza with federico andreotti.
1	these ships stowed 85 rounds per gun.
1	chemical reactions between the pipes caused erosion.
1	maria celeste died of dysentery in 1634.
1	they have one son and two daughters.
1	obesity on the pacific islands is common.
1	she entered the house on day 1.
1	le peton resigned as headmaster in 1925.
1	michael ketchum is an american football coach.
1	warrick fuller made significant contributions to theater.
1	the station is owned by hc2 holdings.
1	king is an english and scottish surname.
1	schmerbach is a river in bavaria germany.
1	it was described by gressitt in 1956.
1	she published her first book in 1980.
1	times were tough however in post-war ireland.
1	failures may be escalating as pipelines age.
1	i will lift the curtain of time.
1	finally mae runs off to save jimmy.
1	senraan ra baairya asif hussain samraat ft.
1	scribble appears to be a beagle mix.
1	their music was aggressive however also melodic.
1	it published several versions of its specification.
1	fountains of blood spray over the stage.
1	she is a mother of one daughter.
1	the album was released to mixed reviews.
1	the village is populated by turkic people.
1	operations were moved to cheaper plants abroad.
1	it has a 2.4-inch qvga lcd display.
1	she gets out to offer and overreacts.
1	national endowment for the arts fellowship 1983.
1	the unit then participated in operation donnerkeil.
1	born in hungary he moved to vienna.
1	i just can't believe what has happened.
1	accounts of nanna vary greatly by source.
1	bacpac is based on the work in.
1	it was the first bank in cleveland.
1	beaman's term of office ended in 2013.
1	landmarks on shamsheer include the saudi embassy.
1	gyodong-beopju is brewed from september to april.
1	on july 4 2016 schizas joined kymis.
1	he was appointed lord mayor in 1904.
1	the proof is by reduction from 3sat.
1	duty at little rock until october 28.
1	for conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty.
1	many of the services were little changed.
1	her career included several successful international tours.
1	the manager or kuningas had many functions.
1	copistes italiens du lancelot: le manuscrit fr.
1	from 1814 argentina descended into civil war.
1	it adopted its current name in 1993.
1	the fifteenth season premiered in august 2022.
1	mccarten also has five other half siblings.
1	the residents' committee are run by volunteers.
1	he left barnsley on 6 february 2016.
1	he visited austria and hungary in 1844.
1	season 13 premiered on 10 may 2021.
1	casson herbert n. the romance of steel.
1	subsequently he became a successful sports promoter.
1	she has recently presented tv talk shows.
1	he won the fight by unanimous decision.
1	the constitution provides for freedom of religion.
1	the primaries were held april 8 1930.
1	the relegation series began on 14 march.
1	there were 858 males and 885 females.
1	billy terrence currier and bill o'brien respectively.
1	in 2019 it was recorded as 243.
1	the response from umno members was swift.
1	warrick's activism also spanned into feminist work.
1	his customer is none other than ignatz.
1	brown adopted jason's half-brother chris in 2010.
1	tie-breakers were determined by super sector times.
1	minnie gow walsworth died june 25 1947.
1	the cemetery was in use until 1878.
1	these included two messuages and in barking.
1	lady kintore died on 30 june 1826.
1	the soundtrack was composed by sadhu kokila.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	new york was managed by ralph houk.
1	on 24 november 2017 hoban rejoined dundalk.
1	integer valued polynomials in algebraic number theory.
1	instead one sees the upper green curve.
1	james campbell was born in lawers perthshire.
1	ocracoke lighthouse with the milky way galaxy.
1	numbers from 100 up are more regular.
1	they have two children michael and whitney.
1	the first round consisted of six heats.
1	soon after the japanese began bombing penang.
1	the game was discontinued in march 2019.
1	he was an engineer before entering politics.
1	haddad convinced pariente to sign for maccabi.
1	peripheral neuropathy occurs in 10% of patients.
1	it chairs all participating countries in rotation.
1	livorno was usually called leghorn in english.
1	betty was also a great success socially.
1	it was again directed by nigel dick.
1	lambert and ballestrini broke up winter 2010.
1	the league ceased operations in april 2019.
1	abram was released on 4 july 2002.
1	this was later reduced to one week.
1	a notable fork of sproutcore is ember.
1	sviyazhsk rozhdestvenskaya street and pier 08-2016 img1.
1	it is endemic to the united states.
1	his family were anglican clerics from dorset.
1	the poetry of a loner palermo coop.
1	therefore hyloidea has the highest species diversity.
1	deep has been published in seven languages.
1	on august 12 2010 at 5 p.m.
1	there are important fisheries in the gur.
1	masukata station opened on december 7 1913.
1	trips to silver spring are not affected.
1	the film was produced by k. rajagopal.
1	the palmetto mountains are to the south.
1	the village has a population of 21.
1	however mcglinchy could not hold the lead.
1	he was released by huddersfield in may.
1	she is now a multi platinum superstar.
1	she has publicly spoken about her psoriasis.
1	on may 13 2010 e.p. was released.
1	the movie can be seen on youtube.
1	the song was produced by irv gotti.
1	the body contains all the milling machinery.
1	the dove bar was invented in chicago.
1	by 1843 it had become a ruin.
1	these records are continuous from january 1815.
1	brie like camembert is a soft cheese.
1	he was educated at dame allan's school.
1	club colors became green white and blue.
1	the village has a population of 550.
1	there are three flags of hamburg germany.
1	the post-graduate system has not been reformed.
1	secondary alcohols are similarly oxidized to ketones.
1	a soft drink typically replaces the wine.
1	the village has a population of 510.
1	they exist as cis and trans isomers.
1	in 1917 sholem abramovitsh died in odessa.
1	on march 5 1948 radio diablo inc.
1	he was married to mary jane brotherton.
1	new market consists of sport events advertisement.
1	a gas station now occupies the corner.
1	wolves were fairly common in the area.
1	where have you been all my life?
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	sheshatshiu became a federal reserve in 2006.
1	hajrudin is a bosnian masculine given name.
1	the housemates played tennis against big brother.
1	the rock sole is a right-eyed flounder.
1	the village has a population of 755.
1	the village has a population of 1,687.
1	the population was 41 as of 2002.
1	this has polarised the asian pop audience.
1	among his teachers was director krystian lupa.
1	celt also cooperates with other educational institutions.
1	jealousy is different from envy and rivalry.
1	he is highly respected among palestinian christians.
1	in 2001 stabile wrote for the sopranos.
1	stats reflect time with the canadiens only.
1	the school motto is vidya dadati vinayam.
1	dna-templated transcription is the method of transcription.
1	in 1834 he was elected for thirsk.
1	they were granted on 12 december 1986.
1	the permanent secretariat is in dhaka bangladesh.
1	trille or award winner best score 2007.
1	literacy rate of the village was 70.97%.
1	this enzyme is also called isothiocyanate isomerase.
1	he was then elected mayor from 1989-2001.
1	there are two hides and one virgate.
1	hubert humphrey comprehensive health center slauson ave.
1	photonic nanomaterials group led by jason smith.
1	alongside the mission is an old cemetery.
1	mycroft is seven years older than sherlock.
1	between 2002 and 2006 bluestone grew strongly.
1	united arab emirates air force 2 operated.
1	kct's jr. college of science malkapur karad.
1	she is the mother of three children.
1	she finally gives in and they kiss.
1	the station is owned by hc2 holdings.
1	construction on the building began in 1979.
1	the concho county courthouse on public sq.
1	ccad's annual campus-wide juried show and celebration.
1	it is owned by visi media asia.
1	it has since been reprinted multiple times.
1	he has completed the race 30 times.
1	paola also benefited from this prosperous period.
1	they had one son and two daughters.
1	michel van der plas: vader en moeder.
1	tillsonburg is home to three barn quilts.
1	white was born in kinston north carolina.
1	there he built racing engines and superchargers.
1	the actual longest street is stewkley buckinghamshire.
1	he is a two-time grammy award nominee.
1	the poem was first published in 1891.
1	the season concluded on may 16 2017.
1	it hops on the ground when foraging.
1	in a december 2015 article on espn.
1	doug stephan american radio talk show personality.
1	songling district is divided into 3 towns.
1	aep european academy of philately aep site.
1	marriage of anne to the french king.
1	her hobbies are reading games and traveling.
1	jim boeke nfl player in the 1960s.
1	imagine fx magazine issue 97 july 2013.
1	the raj bhavan overlooks the river tawi.
1	the nuremberg trials began in november 1945.
1	the following were the top ten goalscorers.
1	he has been compared to john legend.
1	it does have a hydroelectric generating station.
1	in 1777 he was promoted to captain.
1	passenger service ended on april 30 1971.
1	james dutfield publishes english moths and butterflies.
1	the cantars are also known as shanar.
1	each train features a pair four-seater cars.
1	poor emma what will become of her?
1	she has some knowledge of magic herself.
1	it climbs hill resuming the former route.
1	it was described by white in 1858.
1	seondha municipality president asha govind singh nagil.
1	on 1 october 2020 he rejoined zabok.
1	can i speak to the world please?
1	they are apparently dependent on mistletoe flowers.
1	it also includes construction by h.w. underhill.
1	on december 31 2014 gxt ceased broadcasting.
1	there are ten volumes in the set.
1	the population was 298 as of 2002.
1	captain lloyd montagu byron royal canadian artillery.
1	he was posthumously awarded the navy cross.
1	defendants were the duval county ranch co.
1	the band did not record another album.
1	daenerys and her fleet arrive at dragonstone.
1	all matches were played in northern ireland.
1	he was succeeded by his cousin al-muhtadi.
1	the church dating from the twelfth century.
1	he decided not to appeal the verdict.
1	meanwhile tom and trudy have a baby.
1	the exhibition was opened by terry waite.
1	consciousness was then released in august 2009.
1	common from tomales bay northern california southward.
1	cloudlands was later renamed camp juliette low.
1	mgm acquired the facility two years later.
1	this gives the illusion of an eye.
1	it was described by fairmaire in 1893.
1	the telescope is mounted on a tower.
1	professionally he was a surgeon and physician.
1	in some instances they line a road.
1	it is steel pulse's eighth studio album.
1	the developer intended to read in english.
1	the length of the shell attains 2.5mm.
1	he has written for the guardian newspaper.
1	the highway heads through mostly agricultural lands.
1	lavina with classes in rooms and halls.
1	it is a geological conservation review site.
1	selvadurai was born on 15 october 1863.
1	the average elevation is around 1,500 m.
1	gaziel de periodisme (gaziel journalism award) 1977.
1	a historic west atlanta neighborhood since 1938.
1	heggie home (built before 1898) italianate residence.
1	peter john fletcher governor bideford college devon.
1	rauscher elizabeth a. and richard l. amoroso.
1	the cambridge history of the british empire.
1	high humidity is usually required for sporulation.
1	it was later released into digital stores.
1	apsrtc state headquarters are located at vijayawada.
1	the single charted in france and spain.
1	these are protected by the corm underground.
1	it was also the team's theme song.
1	the number of textile units is 14,820.
1	a. macdonnelliensis is drought and frost tolerant.
1	after the purchase waav dropped uncw sports.
1	university of kansas publications in humanistic studies.
1	the first-year curriculum comprises eight required courses.
1	a. eydouxii inhabits shallow bays and estuaries.
1	both of them came as free agents.
1	susa's arch of augustus established in 8bc.
1	however training at lower levels remains poor.
1	some scenes were filmed at georgia tech.
1	this receptor-corepressor-dna complex can block gene transcription.
1	the improvements were brought back into bs.
1	counselling is provided for parents and students.
1	by 1780 quamino was no longer enslaved.
1	then drops down a 101 ft drop.
1	differs from in that it is filtered.
1	two thirds of the population are zhuang.
1	this portion lacks any true urban center.
1	burton was sleeping shortly before 7 a.m.
1	the baby sister bar is woefully neglected.
1	verse 9 is quoted in revelation 15:4.
1	he held the latter office until 2001.
1	his guantanamo internment serial number was 798.
1	miss sally jean gray millennium volunteers ambassador.
1	he sang his last performance in 1974.
1	attachment cards' boarding attack was a club.
1	he struggled to free his trapped elbow.
1	trille or award winner best album 2013.
1	he was named king's counsel in 1909.
1	it was ruled by a kathi chieftain.
1	his son-in-law is rabbi avrohom moshe faivelson.
1	wbsc also announced the individual awards winners.
1	he was married to kamala and santha.
1	as a result the network briefly forks.
1	it is usually a poem of mourning.
1	munif al-razzaz succeeded aflaq as secretary general.
1	it is found in peru and bolivia.
1	the works of saint cyril of jerusalem.
1	member of the u.p. scientific research committee.
1	jack taylor was soon arrested in sonora.
1	he paid her off in september 1781.
1	three new contestants participate in each episode.
1	song charles pabst arthur bowers c. edward.
1	he has a younger sister harlowe walters.
1	the district's seven-term incumbent howard baker sr.
1	he develops a special friendship with lois.
1	it was described by thomson in 1864.
1	the fourth major tribe is the malik.
1	goods traffic had ceased a year earlier.
1	in 1153 it belonged to the hospitallers.
1	he died at the age of 73.
1	it operated services to destinations in europe.
1	mccausland was an early proponent of pre-adamism.
1	he is honored in smcc's anderson terrance.
1	army ice cap in the central part.
1	the duration is given as 20 minutes.
1	holds collections of international and national significance.
1	he has worked in films and tv.
1	study of the market rainer plating-machine case.
1	detached from xii corps at tullahoma tenn.
1	he has directed the melodeers since 1988.
1	however some cards punished rampant adventure archiving.
1	thynne died suddenly in london in 1612.
1	travel by train offered a new style.
1	it also stopped providing on-ticker stock markets.
1	his ambitions would not come to fruition.
1	inskip became a king's counsel in 1914.
1	in 1472 he married katharina van werve.
1	it's like this will be our primetime.
1	several of his writings have been preserved.
1	also the club played kvalserien in 2002.
1	she joined the financial times in 1999.
1	a social identity maintenance model of groupthink.
1	it was described by champion in 1927.
1	he practiced there for another six years.
1	by 1777 matters came to a head.
1	dakneshwori municipality has particularly a tropical climate.
1	the falls are an average of wide.
1	guillain-barre syndrome carpal tunnel syndrome meralgia paresthetica.
1	therapeutic vaccines are currently undergoing clinical trials.
1	cin 3 is referred to as hsil.
1	the current (2017) editor-in-chief is mari michinaga.
1	this limits its capacity for automatic fire.
1	he defeated yoann kongolo by unanimous decision.
1	christian borromeo is a retired italian actor.
1	the music was composed by bappi lahiri.
1	take the travelling salesman problem for example.
1	these trees prefer moist well drained soil.
1	he was waived on september 5 2020.
1	the league is divided into three stages.
1	this significant event shook up the people.
1	devine was also interested in continental drama.
1	sleek and powerful constellations set many records.
1	terms of the deal were not released.
1	wheating originally played soccer in high school.
1	lay meditators stay in rooms in compounds.
1	this was lyn's seventh norwegian cup title.
1	the olympus zuiko digital ed 40-150mm 1:4.
1	a second collection of the comic strip.
1	the territory size increases during bright lights.
1	matthijs van heijningen jr. directed the film.
1	one day ruby takes food for them.
1	mcneill was an american born in boston.
1	there are public footpaths through the woods.
1	by 1898 diesel had become a millionaire.
1	ganser patients typically recover quickly and completely.
1	all were withdrawn between 1935 and 1938.
1	he founded and led a newspaper indipendente.
1	salvatori had long been suspected of sorcery.
1	the man was treated at the hospital.
1	this definition notably does not mention meiosis.
1	so ruled a cult excluding polytheistic religion.
1	it is designed in renaissance revival style.
1	mosimann was eventually replaced with martin atkins.
1	howard played college football at kansas state.
1	she is affiliated with the social democrats.
1	the building also houses the town's library.
1	she returned to the us in 2006.
1	he didn't participate in any football match.
1	the merger was completed in march 2015.
1	however some variations are noted across orthologs.
1	the leaves are bluish-green and pinnately compound.
1	the airport is built on filled land.
1	they eventually landed their lifeboats at killybegs.
1	child married louisa hadkinson in october 1870.
1	he wrote kokura nikki (kokura diary) here.
1	cottey was born in swansea glamorgan wales.
1	d. through university of kansas in 1970.
1	walker hired dabney to write her biography.
1	the album was released in hdcd format.
1	duryodhana sends vikarna to check bhima's advance.
1	victoria glendinning (born 1937) undergraduate at somerville.
1	he sometimes has a tendency to worry.
1	new zealand advanced to the final round.
1	space janitors was a canadian web series.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	first written record is dated from 1251.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	the station opened on august 24 2005.
1	kelley was appointed president on august 13.
1	gonzales' tamales is a 1957 warner bros.
1	he was released on august 29 2011.
1	the aperture is subcircular and silvery within.
1	some varieties of brie cheese are smoked.
1	in 1907 louise dumont married gustav lindemann.
1	an anime adaptation produced by warner bros.
1	this species occurs in the arafura sea.
1	the big book of the continental op.
1	however this did not produce flavorful grapes.
1	andretti lost the race to danny sullivan.
1	lofton's second novel is called battle neverending.
1	dr. leavitt was born in parsonsfield maine.
1	miriam coldly allows herself to be arrested.
1	the series is distributed by warner bros.
1	it addresses the growing epidemic of obesity.
1	oiceoptoma is a genus of carrion beetles.
1	it was published in russia in 1998.
1	events in the year 2018 in somalia.
1	so thanks oprah for all your help.
1	one american soldier would change their lives.
1	the forces met near chadds ford pennsylvania.
1	the russian revolution and the baltic fleet.
1	events from the year 1919 in ireland.
1	she was a descendant of samuel doak.
1	he was re-signed on february 16 2017.
1	he died in 1980 at webster texas.
1	oxford and new york: basil blackwell 2003.
1	learning historical thinking with oral history interviews.
1	upon release the game received mixed reviews.
1	the no. 19 radio set was carried.
1	such codices were disseminated all throughout yemen.
1	he has authored many books and articles.
1	it was described by breuning in 1939.
1	the population was 418 as of 2010.
1	an example of internal colonialism is ireland.
1	it is native to western south america.
1	four years later he was elected mayor.
1	it has been included in the indiegames.
1	likewise railroads changed the style of transportation.
1	johann theodor was ordained subdeacon in 1724.
1	lyallpuri was jailed during the 1975 emergency.
1	moved to bermuda hundred virginia june 11.
1	the nearest cities are sullia and adoor.
1	beneath the stein glacier is lake stein.
1	senior was born at shaftesbury in dorset.
1	that was the first that tosti paid.
1	the station is owned by bethune-cookman university.
1	he joined in 2002 from f.c. marke.
1	john a. wiens is an american ecologist.
1	xanthomonas euvesicatoria is a species of bacteria.
1	mawshah is a village in eastern yemen.
1	events in the year 1907 in brazil.
1	it was discontinued on 1 january 1957.
1	tvmk won the estonian meistriliiga in 2005.
1	suzanne brae a branch of britannia glacier.
1	professor ted fujita popularly known as mr.
1	valhalla memorial park los angeles county california.
1	batu arang's climate is classified as tropical.
1	see what you choose: justice or mercy.
1	it was described by breuning in 1940.
1	the school's team is the rta ravens.
1	this signed measure takes only finite values.
1	cuscuta pentagona is a slender annual vine.
1	also this village has one government school.
1	he finished his career with 2,193 points.
1	several cultivars have been described and cultivated.
1	ingelger's male line ended with geoffrey ii.
1	northwood originally opened its doors in 1956.
1	many of her stories were vividly descriptive.
1	the chancel was largely rebuilt in 1902.
1	on the unreliability of published dna sequences.
1	typically two to three applications are needed.
1	david was producer engineer mixer keyboards programmer.
1	raccoons and mink may also be observed.
1	available for download under gnu gpl license.
1	joyce cary and the novel of africa.
1	following this setback hill re-assessed his life.
1	the pennsylvania celebrities cookbook stohn books 2005.
1	nelly byl died in uccle aged 92.
1	a fourth campus has since been added.
1	fedrilate is a centrally acting cough suppressant.
1	in 1955 he was awarded the obe.
1	we must fully respect truth and justice.
1	he made his mlb debut in 2021.
1	spirit foaled 1876 dam of paul kauvar.
1	it is named after nearby omura shrine.
1	the population was 14 as of 2002.
1	promotion to shimane prefectural league division 1.
1	collecta ex dictis diversorum doctorum contra ioh.
1	it also bears mystical and fertility connotations.
1	the entire route is within county laois.
1	he was replaced by abraham van vechten.
1	he would graduate from xavier in 1976.
1	hodder was born in hamilton new zealand.
1	the population was 10 as of 2010.
1	his organization was called the alston church.
1	he departed office on 31 december 2008.
1	they also contained asbestos and lead paint.
1	it is the largest stadium in zimbabwe.
1	it is published by oxford university press.
1	it also includes a theme of nationalism.
1	the recorded 2,729 people living in bundanoon.
1	two years later she moved to tokyo.
1	the ogee gutters have acroterion corner ornaments.
1	he died at the age of 79.
1	a return to the living dead (2011).
1	all times are in minutes and seconds.
1	jews were forbidden from using public trams.
1	yellow cultivars are selections of crocus chrysanthus.
1	his election was approved without a vote.
1	giacchino subsequently conceived of the new composition.
1	the hindwings have two pairs of tails.
1	the dam is used for flood control.
1	he won the election and re-entered parliament.
1	escolar can grow to over in length.
1	it featured 289 films from 58 countries.
1	they also have a son named boiken.
1	spiders have separate male and female sexes.
1	roslyn was named after roslin in scotland.
1	the next morning they were found dead.
1	however amongst all groups pregnancy is welcome.
1	he is an alumnus of northwestern university.
1	he also studied at the mechanics institute.
1	he usually lines out as a goalkeeper.
1	los angeles times photographic archive (collection 1429).
1	crazy strung-out teutonic giants but giants nonetheless.
1	just several days later gus dur died.
1	northeast and eastern india eastern sri lanka.
1	senators sit facing north towards the speaker.
1	there are 5 counties in the province.
1	the school colors are blue and white.
1	the series was co-created by david chase.
1	the electricity council (ed) power system protection.
1	this setup was used to record digimortal.
1	this marine species is endemic to australia.
1	it was taiwan's the fourth straight championship.
1	it was described by gounelle in 1911.
1	it is found in brazil and venezuela.
1	whether the boxes are distinguishable or not.
1	whether the objects are distinguishable or not.
1	hansen also designed private houses and churches.
1	in 1850 midland county was officially organized.
1	she has a son joshua e.s. phillips.
1	some considered the comment in poor taste.
1	birds have mixed effects on strawberries here.
1	the current sapling cup holders are eastern.
1	mcmahon was also a rugby football referee.
1	the album was critically-acclaimed by many publications.
1	it is found in kenya and tanzania.
1	around that time a nationwide debate began.
1	once inside a thunderstorm begins frightening them.
1	the album was released in may 2006.
1	he was released on september 8 2020.
1	he also edited the minerva brasiliense periodical.
1	the facility was opened in january 2022.
1	my life has been devoted to peacemaking.
1	christopher sailed from plymouth on 22 june.
1	the project was cancelled in late 2021.
1	there were no heats in this event.
1	there is no secondary school in geebung.
1	in 1979 she co-founded the horus-maat lodge.
1	the school's headteacher is mr jon spears.
1	we can say the same for individuals.
1	doma offends this principle in two ways.
1	incumbent senator sergey arenin was not renominated.
1	bayern faced eintracht frankfurt on 10 november.
1	karim wrote and composed over 1600 songs.
1	the oil is under the pre-salt layer.
1	they're adapted for women and men alike.
1	battery street was probably named after it.
1	mount tatlow was named in his honour.
1	he left to join watford in 1977.
1	the series was cancelled after one season.
1	in 1762 vachel dorsey expanded the structure.
1	george is a real civil rights man.
1	the bridge carries a single gauge railway.
1	fallon london joined publicis groupe in 2006.
1	the present name was adopted in 1996.
1	the album quotes heavily from other works.
1	it is part of the uvsq today.
1	he was also a large book collector.
1	the schoolhouse was sold into private ownership.
1	the table below shows the 2014 schedule.
1	he lost the fight by unanimous decision.
1	the origin of the name is unknown.
1	in his 1991 book geschichtsdenken im 20.
1	the zip code for rimini is 29125.
1	he was captain of the 1917 team.
1	these turns were dangerous and sometimes deadly.
1	he married electa towbridge of danbury connecticut.
1	the name arose naturally from this incident.
1	kirby high school (arkansas) in kirby arkansas.
1	these are the formats for major releases.
1	the tournament featured three rounds of play.
1	they have the scottish charity number: sco47171.
1	he was a son of yuri dolgorukiy.
1	he died there on 14 may 1914.
1	the contestant and their partner was eliminated.
1	d. (economics)in 1959 from university of minnesota.
1	the so-called legal lights ridicule my project.
1	the commander reports directly to the president.
1	several of alphin's novels are ghost stories.
1	she also served in spain and italy.
1	it featured 290 films from 53 countries.
1	on august 26 1991 richardson's father died.
1	it received positive reviews from music critics.
1	sulop is politically subdivided into 25 barangays.
1	a carriage house contains a carriage museum.
1	the class available is the optimist dinghy.
1	ebroin accused leodegar before king clothar iii.
1	it was described by breuning in 1944.
1	a highly simplified representation is shown below.
1	the song is the album's second track.
1	he never hit below that mark again.
1	this development continued in 2012 and 2013.
1	minder holds dual swiss and hungarian citizenship.
1	some advertising from veet has been controversial.
1	the term of education was seven years.
1	the next day she announced her resignation.
1	whether it be linguistically religiously or culturally.
1	on 4 december 2018 he was dismissed.
1	it is found in california united states.
1	from observation one can derive utter facts.
1	county executive is headed by a governor.
1	the siege on didao was thus lifted.
1	dylan had a copy of the album.
1	the cadets were quartered at various colleges.
1	his term ended on 7 march 1876.
1	she is the eldest of six children.
1	jack would later move headquarters to kyiv.
1	sheridan's shenandoah valley campaign august to november.
1	all eastbound buses are bound for shinjuku.
1	he then returns to kay in london.
1	the aperture is moderately wide smooth within.
1	we were losing a lot of bands.
1	servicing more than 250 customers a year.
1	this adaptive strategy is known as counter-illumination.
1	the program is broadcast on tv2 sport.
1	the video debuted on 1 august 2005.
1	it contained songs used throughout the series.
1	the purchase price was 36 million euros.
1	robinson was president of the utah symphony.
1	the population was 7 as of 2002.
1	chuck bittick 65 american water polo player.
1	he trained at stafford gatehouse youth theatre.
1	ramalingam was born on 26 october 1904.
1	the malinsay massacre london: hutchinson april 1938.
1	murder off miami london: hutchinson july 1936.
1	it runs almost parallel to lockhart road.
1	many had vented their disappointments on twitter.
1	none of these can be convincingly located.
1	the station switched to wusy in 1981.
1	artifacts had been removed before the fire.
1	the cantata closes with a four-part chorale.
1	his father moshe hayik was a physician.
1	rafi in kamal amrohi's 1972 classic pakeezah.
1	he sailed from liverpool on 16 june.
1	in 1643 jesuits settled on the island.
1	the village has a population of 440.
1	village also has govt girls high school.
1	predicative expressions are typically not arguments e.g.
1	arnold g.w. the old farm boston 1937.
1	dzhankoi raion included the city of dzhankoi.
1	the others were jailed briefly and fined.
1	two deaths were blamed on the storm.
1	kash is the associated command line interface.
1	the village parish council has six members.
1	la corse des origines 1988 errance 1991.
1	reaches 98% of all households in iceland.
1	the auditorium curves inward near the proscenium.
1	the two became immediate and lifelong friends.
1	he played octavian in shakespeare's julius caesar.
1	ohio elected its member october 14 1806.
1	this area was originally a forest park.
1	in 2007 the school had 310 students.
1	john grimek 88 american bodybuilder and weightlifter.
1	the attack began with a diversionary operation.
1	marian brandys 86 polish writer and screenwriter.
1	f. h. v. robinson (62728) (acting) rafvr.
1	he was succeeded by his brother hsinbyushin.
1	little is known about interiano's personal life.
1	he had five sons and two daughters.
1	great illustrators don't always make great animators.
1	nosson meir wachtfogel 88 russian-american orthodox rabbi.
1	funding was also provided by local notables.
1	it remains an influential idea in linguistics.
1	the semifinals were held on august 25.
1	driscoll's has its own private breeding program.
1	salts of auric acid are termed aurates.
1	juana martinez-neal grew up in lima peru.
1	carolina morace struck the italians' winning goal.
1	this species is endemic to new zealand.
1	o'donovan rossa win their first senior title.
1	michael a. roa vargas civil engineer caam.
1	dante fascell 81 american politician colorectal cancer.
1	the offseason was busy from the start.
1	orders of merit may however be created.
1	it was described by gounelle in 1909.
1	they mate on land near their burrows.
1	it is governed by an urban council.
1	he made seven appearances for the club.
1	it was released on june 18 2002.
1	treviso ended the championship in 13th position.
1	other record labels also released similar records.
1	jason ross grew up in minneapolis minnesota.
1	during the match in scored 9 runs.
1	he also fought against nazi-inspired anti-jewish propaganda.
1	nursing and para-medical courses are also offered.
1	it was constructed from 1920 to 1965.
1	these often take place on separate days.
1	australia scored only 10 goals in reply.
1	virus west was released in summer 2001.
1	oselvar was developed with three production wells.
1	it is central to the information society.
1	he was released on november 23 2021.
1	the population was 61 as of 2010.
1	that how the (political) system works here.
1	male sexuality taken to its logical conclusion.
1	the factory is on the same site.
1	the original building at 26 was demolished.
1	he died when parkhe was a teenager.
1	parkhe was born into deshastha brahmin family.
1	the observer newspaper is published in dunkirk.
1	thus there must exist some k s.t.
1	several international font options are also removed.
1	he played halfback for the fiji barbarians.
1	original title i beati anni del castigo.
1	each has its own techniques and rules.
1	cade mcnamara scored on a one-yard run.
1	he was aided by pietro maria bagnadore.
1	the screenplay adaptation has not been produced.
1	isae 3402 is a soc 1 engagement.
1	some girls struggled in workout especially sherece.
1	during the war he lost his sight.
1	lord zetland introduced the two-year-old trophy race.
1	florida has a very rich fossil record.
1	the altix 330 is an entry-level server.
1	the population was 23 as of 2010.
1	private education is available at queen's college.
1	the final meeting here was in 1870.
1	it was inactivated on june 30 1972.
1	in 1888 he married anna m. dickson.
1	fox was born in el paso texas.
1	she was promoted to partner in 1997.
1	wine enthusiast preferred it to bombay sapphire.
1	she married ravikumar a doctor in 2000.
1	new babylon (1963) by situationist constant nieuwenhuys.
1	brother of the two-times winner alejandro patronelli.
1	events in the year 2022 in mali.
1	it also has anti-serotonergic and antihistaminergic properties.
1	his home is now subdivided as flats.
1	chang tzu appears in dc universe online.
1	adanac is the backward spelling of canada.
1	the show lasted a single 13-episode season.
1	mount moiwa observation deck and ski resort.
1	riot is based on a microkernel architecture.
1	austin did not reply to this proposal.
1	useful if radio signals are being interrupted.
1	there are many options for rotor mounting.
1	his three brothers were also very speedy.
1	these twists are also called negative twists.
1	november 2008: bank of america subsidiary loans.
1	england was born in st. paul minnesota.
1	the station began airing a 5 p.m.
1	the population was 594 as of 2010.
1	then in 1957 the building was renovated.
1	he was enthroned on 4 october 1927.
1	he set a quickest time of 1:42.
1	the jma followed suit 12 hours later.
1	he was defeated for re-election in 1929.
1	chip handling and coolant management are interrelated.
1	without her their meeting would be unlikely.
1	forst was raised in vancouver's kerrisdale neighborhood.
1	he lost via a controversial split decision.
1	the municipality covers an area of 8,412.
1	there was some minimal use of restraint.
1	during their marriage she suffered a miscarriage.
1	it was intended to be taken twice-daily.
1	al-washm's colors are white orange and blue.
1	in the ensuing battle cornippin was slain.
1	the tournament started with a qualifying round.
1	its acetal can be prepared from acrolein.
1	the church was last used in 1984.
1	the current music director is kevin rhodes.
1	advantame has 2 stereocenters and 4 stereoisomers.
1	levinson ran his second company cello ltd.
1	they had two sons and four daughters.
1	ben also wins the final captains challenge.
1	added midyear was a standard tire-pressure monitor.
1	the letter is split into two parts.
1	he was the father of hilarion vassilchikov.
1	she was married and divorced four times.
1	a few may require reservations in advance.
1	it is likely to include cryptic species.
1	the county is named after limestone creek.
1	an additional capuchin friar served as rector.
1	as of 2014 both creations are extant.
1	by 10:35am the battle had been concluded.
1	he was born on 2 february 1960.
1	iffco is headquartered in new delhi india.
1	the inspector general needed an agency-wide mandate.
1	the jewish population reached 450,000 by 1940.
1	devoted to the rock's latin name calpe.
1	coale ansley j. and roy treadway (1986).
1	de los santos danilo y fernandez-rocha carlos.
1	shine was met with acclaim from critics.
1	filming it was not without difficult sequences.
1	zoo camps are held during school vacations.
1	ellsworth died september 4 1898 in milwaukee.
1	he graduated from high school in belzig.
1	the squadron was inactivated in july 1975.
1	today geoff is now a freelance artist.
1	a final analysis was published in 2014.
1	she was commissioned on 1 february 1936.
1	i did not find it i say.
1	paucimonas lemoignei is a gram-negative soil bacterium.
1	lack of efficient technologies for private homes.
1	flowers are white up to in diameter.
1	it was described by inoue in 1999.
1	the v3 comes in the three sizes.
1	the village has a population of 780.
1	i look good at the bulgarian television.
1	prior to 1984 i-384 was designated i-84.
1	prose works in contrast are hardly known.
1	their divorce was final in january 1961.
1	in 1917 he became the publication's editor.
1	fred yehi is an american professional wrestler.
1	roy romain 92 british olympic swimmer stroke.
1	the team's color are white and red.
1	malignant transformation of polyps requires surgical colectomy.
1	by profession she was a social worker.
1	in quebec this game is called kinzo.
1	he and black adam later attack israel.
1	the two pilots onboard were fatally injured.
1	for me it is a terrific experience.
1	now i play because it is relaxation.
1	only long isoform is present in humans.
1	she brought him a moiety of riddlesworth.
1	cone-like fruits are often produced in autumn.
1	in france the song was less successful.
1	the israeli settlement of mehola lies nearby.
1	there are two schools in the town.
1	this is a pattern shared with naman.
1	two gps are present in the town.
1	it was described by zayas in 1975.
1	plants spread by means of subterranean runners.
1	he died at the age of 86.
1	johnston was born in england circa 1840.
1	the project was abandoned in december 2007.
1	he is buried in the grange cemetery.
1	each figure comes with a file card.
1	his regular position was at full back.
1	ljubljana's moste district is named after moste.
1	northern ireland competed for the first time.
1	the lily symbolizes the virginity of mary.
1	pedrazoli 149077 general royal italian army tarro-div.
1	koirala began writing short stories in hindi.
1	some verlan words have gained mainstream currency.
1	giovanni arduino died in venice in 1795.
1	additionally olbrich relies heavily on staccato technique.
1	williams married eleanor jane jenkins in 1891.
1	oryzomys contains medium-sized semiaquatically specialized oryzomyine rodents.
1	his bid to build carlist syndicates failed.
1	no humboldt alumni reached the major leagues.
1	the apical angle is about twenty-five degrees.
1	vane was also active in domestic affairs.
1	spiritists are prompted to read a lot.
1	kent won division one their eighth title.
1	it is situated opposite queen's university belfast.
1	emperor augustus adopts gaius and lucius caesar.
1	she was married to actor charles charrington.
1	events from the year 1953 in denmark.
1	in 2001 homestore operated the websites homebuilder.
1	crisp c.g. the classic french cinema 1930-1960.
1	he was buried at deans grange cemetery.
1	seventy-nine alpine skiers from 24 nations competed.
1	higher rates have been found in brazil.
1	published by skira rizzoli new york 2015.
1	its seat is in quintanilla del agua.
1	in 1806 the area passed to hesse-darmstadt.
1	jungian psychology is also called analytical psychology.
1	the village has a population of 310.
1	the company specialises in bathroom related products.
1	shrinkage then introduces residual stresses and distortion.
1	he has graduated more than 60 ph.
1	rapp employs approximately 5,800 people in indonesia.
1	mang has a wife and two children.
1	several sources have been identified in france.
1	i've been trying to figure that out.
1	insecticide contaminated honeydew may harm beneficial insects.
1	russian anti-tank guns already penetrate at range.
1	trilogy and over thirty other influential books.
1	he acquired slaves on the windward coast.
1	he served on the commission until 2006.
1	accreditation in costa rica is not mandatory.
1	okoboji's performing arts have several award-winning programs.
1	however in 1978 the club was reformed.
1	mastodonsauridae is a family of capitosauroid temnospondyls.
1	he died of lung cancer aged 76.
1	their daughter emily was born in 1972.
1	spell check adds auto spell check option.
1	another entrance is by a neat cottage-lodge.
1	adventure landing runs 13 amusement parks nationwide.
1	the a to z of spanish cinema.
1	upon reaching waterworld the twins become separated.
1	flags of our fathers (with ron powers).
1	he was released on august 27 2015.
1	he died in april 1887 in copenhagen.
1	the church was built in about 1230.
1	each piece has a unique movement pattern.
1	in july 1995 the government suspended sua.
1	abdool karim owns a house in durban.
1	it is found in kenya and malawi.
1	yogananda educational society is headed by smt.
1	harry may abbreviate either harold or henry.
1	works from the sammlung verbund collection vienna.
1	it was based out of vordingborg kaserne.
1	preservation status of the print is unknown.
1	for services to business and the community.
1	since 2006 veja has used vegetable-tanned leather.
1	rankings are as of april 23 2018.
1	he was born in bologna about 1050.
1	for services to education and young people.
1	the video was shot by billie woodruff.
1	in pascal there is no return statement.
1	some towns experienced pogroms from several sides.
1	a leading group of five runners crystallized.
1	lawrence married actress christa miller in 1999.
1	obca gives its inception date as 1974.
1	its caldera is largely destroyed by glaciers.
1	meanwhile kripto is captured by mani comio.
1	the dutch occupied pulicat fort in 1609.
1	it is classified as a heritage building.
1	hailing from asker he took his cand.
1	this award was won by michele gordini.
1	saguisag is also the nephew of sen.
1	the abdomen is separated into five tergum.
1	it creates variety and heterogeneity within society.
1	nicholas longworth anderson married elizabeth coles kilgour.
1	james craig is a three-masted iron-hulled barque.
1	lan starts off as gam yin's student.
1	they also played several european rock festivals.
1	he married a-ci'n-ga a full-blood osage woman.
1	lia maria aguiar is a brazilian billionaire.
1	it hides in rock cracks and crevices.
1	these are city services operated by gvb.
1	the mayor of london ordered celebratory bonfires.
1	on the balance beam she finished eighth.
1	prisoners were conscripted into the austrian army.
1	the average literacy rate is about 32%.
1	four bodhisattvas stand interspaced between the buddhas.
1	he married nannie e. heath in 1877.
1	i wasn't like this is the one!
1	historians disagree over who wrote the log.
1	information about this academy was highly classified.
1	whitmore was educated at christ church oxford.
1	engineer for the queensland water supply commission.
1	on 9 july 2021 he joined feirense.
1	the 250-horsepower 455 four-barrel was now optional.
1	blair county is a republican party stronghold.
1	they have five children and seven grandchildren.
1	the population was 1,280 as of 2010.
1	i really believed i had a winner.
1	the indians sets came out in 1997.
1	resource sharing exists between the eight libraries.
1	one can see the cheer go beach!
1	the women's library was established in 1991.
1	at present such feelings were very slight.
1	the village has a population of 7.
1	fletcher was also an all-state basketball player.
1	it is possibly daughter settlement of odoorn.
1	another montage laments air pollution and floods.
1	sweedeedee is a restaurant in portland oregon.
1	it tries to operate on feminist principles.
1	the area is largely devoted to agriculture.
1	this would allow colazo to be prosecuted.
1	in the gadmen valley in western switzerland.
1	however he was eliminated on 28 may.
1	it was described by strand in 1919.
1	the region reverted to type in 2019.
1	eve has two children and two grandchildren.
1	advances in social work 8 (1) 113-123.
1	for services to holocaust education and awareness.
1	in 1977 taylor signed with columbia records.
1	vatican city sits on a low hill.
1	dna owns 49% of this joint venture.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	they have a daughter born in 2021.
1	one resident did not specify the ethnicity.
1	the next year the tower fell down.
1	was better than no lord at all.
1	he began exhibiting colour photographs in 1982.
1	she was born to a wealthy family.
1	the youngest child six-year-old susan was unharmed.
1	in 1971 whiting married model cathee dahmen.
1	the capital of the county is darab.
1	armstead is originally from clendenin west virginia.
1	teast was a shipowner involved in whaling.
1	the population was 26 as of 2010.
1	they are the parents of two sons.
1	kentucky elected its members august 4 1806.
1	also their children were introduced to education.
1	he was released on december 19 2012.
1	both films will be filmed in finland.
1	the facility was divided into 22 areas.
1	al-shabaab later claims responsibility for the attack.
1	events from the year 1909 in scotland.
1	rino is transported to a mysterious jungle.
1	total 87 primary schools with 20,877 pupils.
1	second the slaves revolted for various reasons.
1	steinlager 2 is a bruce farr-designed yacht.
1	lubaba died during the caliphate of uthman.
1	later that night aries lost to young.
1	for services to alcoholics anonymous during covid-19.
1	he may perhaps have assisted his son.
1	a total of 2 events were contested.
1	he is commemorated on the jerusalem memorial.
1	it was described by buquet in 1844.
1	he was cremated at mount thompson crematorium.
1	the republicans secured the remaining 6 seats.
1	later he also got a vwo diploma.
1	the actor buddy ebsen served aboard pocatello.
1	the purchase included stables and slaves' quarters.
1	finance and business support manager forestry england.
1	he received the army distinguished service medal.
1	papaichton is served by the maripasoula airport.
1	parke won the fight by split decision.
1	the village serves the dande communal land.
1	lin justin yifu and dennis tao yang.
1	hence the 'dome' in the name aviodome.
1	the sources of the postal abbreviations vary.
1	rookie ray nolting joined the strong backfield.
1	although replaced in production by the dh.
1	classic french cuisine from a fixed menu.
1	the ballast is drained for road transport.
1	there are a total of 28 characters.
1	burmak set up his headquarters in riga.
1	production of the locomotive ended in 2004.
1	bayern faced bate borisov on 5 december.
1	hunt was critical of russia and iran.
1	and refers to the festival of sukkot.
1	this old alignment no longer exists today.
1	hyakutake's two-letter ten-chart system was exceedingly weak.
1	they show the england and welsh martyrs.
1	she won reelection in 2008 and 2010.
1	he is from old tappan new jersey.
1	he confirmed this in a 2012 interview.
1	wearing the hijab is her personal choice.
1	ninis was educated at lincoln college oxford.
1	she specialised in portrait and theatre photography.
1	patta fort stands approximately  above sea level.
1	these remains are from the 4th century.
1	it was released on april 25 2012.
1	it will also eat carrion and eggs.
1	illinois elected its members november 4 1862.
1	rankings are as of may 2 2010.
1	in 1796 parma was occupied by france.
1	missouri elected its members november 4 1862.
1	croatia complied with all the set conditions.
1	victims included men women children and infants.
1	stanley died in 1977 in tulsa oklahoma.
1	obhakhan is a christian and is married.
1	emu has more than 145,000 living alumni.
1	prayer beads were turned on a lathe.
1	count basie for this time by basie!
1	wei is married and has one son.
1	the throat and the venter are blue.
1	her first show was for calvin klein.
1	music can create emotion and motivate people.
1	its altitudinal range is above sea level.
1	for him power was in the numbers.
1	he said he knew him very well.
1	he is also mentioned in the song.
1	mcmahon was born in south norwalk connecticut.
1	he was diagnosed with a psychoneurological disorder.
1	the episode received positive to fair reviews.
1	bowman retired as archbishop in june 2006.
1	rissani is the ancient capital of tafilalet.
1	but our water is clear as glass.
1	palihapitiya has donated to the democratic party.
1	worcestershire was quickly behind roman front lines.
1	its design was based on the spr-2.
1	there's them that laughs and knows better.
1	minter village was founded following the war.
1	gracol-swop 2006 uses the iso 12647-2:2004 paper.
1	naora acted as producer and concept artist.
1	he was unopposed in the primary election.
1	these include humid dry and pine forests.
1	it cost close to us$16,000 to build.
1	it was held on 14 april 1951.
1	there are six colleges in the upazila.
1	the jennisons were a strongly catholic family.
1	the world goes on and you're gone.
1	i was covered with blood and brains.
1	results not in chronological order in 2020.
1	the series was produced by dreamworks television.
1	william berger as banjo a mysterious bard.
1	d. in experimental psychology (columbia university 1987).
1	it was originally published as individual essays.
1	the case against him was ultimately dropped.
1	musitronics created a separate division gizmo inc.
1	religious conferences is also held every year.
1	first-seeded ivan lendl won the singles title.
1	in 1975 kneulman began to build etchells.
1	very little is known about xenophyophore reproduction.
1	nearby villages include barbridge calveley and haughton.
1	she has a younger sister named lara.
1	lead is a relatively unreactive post-transition metal.
1	spade was succeeded by his brother dudley.
1	ricci was born in new york city.
1	it has a population of 773 people.
1	he was the eighth governor of mauritius.
1	proastiakos of patras consists of two routes.
1	f. cercignani (editor) novalis milano cuem 2002.
1	management by avex trax in tokyo japan.
1	aledo has its own radio station wrmj-fm.
1	andorra can be considered a semi-elective principality.
1	marks church bangalore (around 1912) tucks postcard.
1	it was released on 25 december 1980.
1	the deal closed on 3 january 2013.
1	the village has a population of 240.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	sunny day (forgotten bagatelle) for piano (1915).
1	in house-to-house combat they capture the town.
1	instead it was determined by fiba rankings.
1	these cultures have influenced scots cooking dramatically.
1	woo processional and recessional for organ (1962).
1	they played home games at coors field.
1	a number of forgeries were subsequently produced.
1	namiki houses the tokyo area control center.
1	rdml glang served aboard four noaa ships.
1	a century of hong kong financial development.
1	the college is affiliated to vidyasagar university.
1	rizal named him after his father francisco.
1	brady briefly questions sillers then accepts him.
1	the hairless ovary consists of two carpels.
1	his column became nationally syndicated in 1942.
1	controversy surrounded the publication of the book.
1	in 2004 another significant inscription was reconstructed.
1	text in russian french german or english.
1	bobcat and mountain lion are occasionally observed.
1	raney retired from the army in 1978.
1	mcphee is married to jane anne mcphee.
1	as higher academic degrees the dr. paed.
1	boy scout troop 1851 is in bradford.
1	he collected these reminiscences into three books.
1	watson did not respond to the developments.
1	the season was curtailed due to covid-19.
1	dai jiang as he zizhen mao's wife.
1	in 1964 soviets built a specialized factory.
1	in february 1996 acquired teleos communications inc.
1	rabaul was occupied unopposed on 12 september.
1	captained limerick senior hurling team in 2005.
1	it is fed by the tuira river.
1	the other philosophers were no less racist.
1	kitching married honoria lydia woolley in 1864.
1	this is linked to its glacial beginnings.
1	kopkind was born in new haven connecticut.
1	the population was 15 as of 2002.
1	the online world shut down in 2019.
1	these ships were crewed largely by filipinos.
1	william beatson was nelson's most prolific architect.
1	the yugoslav capitulation came the same day.
1	the novel is recognised for its strangeness.
1	for anaro's sake mintu fills nimki's hairlines.
1	feickert is a surname of german origin.
1	in late 2012 acton smith co-founded calm.
1	the plants are upright unbranched and unisexual.
1	in september 2007 royal caribbean cruises ltd.
1	wark is also simulcast on wweg hd4.
1	fitzgerald l.a. f. cruz and g. perotti.
1	the japanese elm cultivar ulmus davidiana var.
1	his trials make him lose considerable weight.
1	the first which he led faced henry.
1	there were 25 dead including her captain.
1	his conversation is grave infrequent and modest.
1	in 2005 kenya's president was mwai kibaki.
1	he was buried in cave hill cemetery.
1	also coal handling was mechanized and automated.
1	she started 4th and would finish 14th.
1	after a month the rebellion was crushed.
1	she had had a good formal education.
1	when the us military and rola corp.
1	peter bixby is a new hampshire politician.
1	lisbon was henceforth recognized as the capital.
1	gearin retired from the bar in 2010.
1	the average household net worth is $966,273.
1	produced for televisa by ignacio sada madero.
1	refers to the grenadine town of alhama.
1	war was declared on 4 august 1914.
1	strobe lighting adds to the anxious atmosphere.
1	their latest heavyweight champion was killer kross.
1	haines and his stepfather timothy matlack sr.
1	the video was directed by ian wolfson.
1	tree ages range up to 1,200 years.
1	some black slaves were imported to kansas.
1	many smaller indo-canadian communities have two gurdwaras.
1	only 1sg continues the trans-new guinea set.
1	he was the oldest of three sons.
1	nepali is the national language of nepal.
1	its plumage is a uniform medium brown.
1	great sailing opportunities exist at huntington lake.
1	wilfred cripps fire officer st. paul's cathedral.
1	in july 2013 albrecht married darlene mclean.
1	the flavor is similar to sweet basil.
1	the lone b-29 wheeled and headed south.
1	has worked with the mev (see below).
1	ipcc won the 2007 nobel peace prize.
1	he played college football at texas tech.
1	a new organization for the new navy.
1	critics commended her performance in the film.
1	hamilton's friend richard dawkins popularised the idea.
1	neophytes have been observed including poa annua.
1	further the academic programs of the wms.
1	today five years later paula leaves jail.
1	sophia crawford (chameleon) also made an appearance.
1	it was held on 29 april 1933.
1	the riding was first contested in 1999.
1	the route then resumes its north-northeasterly direction.
1	feenstra r. c. and gordon h hanson.
1	it was described by sloane in 1905.
1	the camp des rochilles is located nearby.
1	the game received mixed reviews upon release.
1	hesitation can be interpreted positively or negatively.
1	but it's also a very uneconomical technique.
1	some are familiar while others are unrecognizable.
1	that's why my songs are so long.
1	by 1911 they had increased to 50,000.
1	he has also made three solo albums.
1	the braves immediately responded in their half.
1	however seedlings have been observed after fire.
1	consequently thurn lost his estates in bohemia.
1	the voicework is provided by justin fletcher.
1	all are composed of cisuralian marine deposits.
1	commanders was released on october 13 2006.
1	orders detailed their role in the invasion.
1	several important institutions functioned under its supervision.
1	lady pink is one of these few.
1	they were seated on december 7 1863.
1	it has a wide distribution in asia.
1	the basic literacy rate is approximately 99%.
1	from andalusi arabic alam decoration (in clothes).
1	walter frederick bowhey chargehand metropolitan police office.
1	they tell us there is a god.
1	she continued painting until she was 85.
1	they are both inside and outside life.
1	in 1802 mainz lost its archiepiscopal character.
1	in the book nothing but the best.
1	in 2021 he joined filipino club adt.
1	the species has a hoarse chattery call.
1	bergman commented that hitler was unbelievably charismatic.
1	one of the routine activities was boxing.
1	both are more like volunteer police officers.
1	the railway used gravity and two inclines.
1	many of his released singles were hits.
1	we're looking at all those markets individually.
1	the album was met with mixed reviews.
1	it was opened on 27 december 2019.
1	it is about from maatuthavani bus stand.
1	the film received mixed reception from critics.
1	norholm was carrying a cargo of petrol.
1	the goddess is known as sugantha kunthalambigai.
1	she was carrying a cargo of petrol.
1	the film has received very positive reviews.
1	that is the group operation is commutative.
1	he served as master in chancery 1853-1857.
1	noongar peoples know the tree as toolyumuck.
1	there are more than 130 registered members.
1	he also played for the cleveland browns.
1	the software goobi will be further developed.
1	she was carrying a cargo of petrol.
1	he was married to playmate shauna sand.
1	the beak was slightly downcurved and lightweight.
1	five people were injured in morgan county.
1	mary entertains the promoter with afternoon tea.
1	it has one weekly issue on thursdays.
1	this wikipedia page started at the workshop.
1	cleoniceras is included in the subfamily cleoniceratinae.
1	postcards from america (florida) with magnum photos.
1	southard was buried in washington's congressional cemetery.
1	milly rock matron dominica infirmary roseau dominica.
1	his wife predeceased him in july 2004.
1	he supports improving and redesigning the aca.
1	next to the baths were resting rooms.
1	he was exposed to both parents' faiths.
1	this marine species is endemic to australia.
1	he praises moshe dayan the israeli leader.
1	in 2013 the anthology album xl nakon!
1	hawaii department of education operates public schools.
1	jacobson holds public talks on many subjects.
1	it does occur in some protected areas.
1	it was launched on 24 june 2011.
1	she has participated in poetry festivals worldwide.
1	creeks overflowed their banks flooding low-lying areas.
1	people of the philippines: i have returned.
1	in 2009 drummer trauma joined the band.
1	it was recaptured in 1428 or 1429.
1	the exiled greek government returned to athens.
1	the purpose of the gmc-4 is education.
1	it is produced by oak entertainments house.
1	this was criticised by several leading people.
1	switzerland played against italy in the semifinals.
1	it was released on march 25 2022.
1	his murals often took inspiration from nature.
1	joe tries harder to throttle the voice.
1	her husband was hurricane expert robert simpson.
1	it will when possible co-ordinate its attacks.
1	i was in a bad spot there.
1	fonzie has a very high moral code.
1	salles is a youth exponent from tours.
1	two music videos exist for the track.
1	the population is 130,000 (2010 official estimate).
1	she has 32 test caps for australia.
1	this officially created the imperial yeomanry (iy).
1	the detailed remediation investigation concluded in 2006.
1	culture participative decision making and job satisfaction.
1	she exhibited over 50 pictures in total.
1	the clams will soon die if abandoned.
1	mcghee is single with three grown children.
1	winters was married at least three times.
1	the last film role of anatoly solonitsyn.
1	meanwhile akanksha spots komali crossing a street.
1	luke saunders joined on keyboards in mid-2013.
1	the fruit is a hairy nodding capsule.
1	all ireland senior hurling medal winner 2013.
1	the branches divaricate growing in many directions.
1	it is the site of hermitage castle.
1	shelton came out as bisexual in 2012.
1	dignitas has faced difficulties over the years.
1	the commune has absolute ethnic romanian majority.
1	the political system of the prc german.
1	the first president elected was giannis alafouzos.
1	flomaster (flowmaster) v8 was released in 2016.
1	it was founded on june 23 1972.
1	smith was born on march 7 1884.
1	we are going back to the airport.
1	she was a keynote speaker in 2009.
1	planning for resilience in hospital internal disaster.
1	this is the yue family's pugilistic fight.
1	the film had musical score by raveendran.
1	jandali states that after finishing his ph.
1	wenkoff retired from the stage in 1993.
1	this is where the player comes in.
1	carnegie museum of natural history pittsburgh pa.
1	it was expressly forbidden for liturgical use.
1	these happen mainly on saturdays and mondays.
1	george oldziey created music for the game.
1	the tournament began on 13 august 2020.
1	the plant is endemic to southern california.
1	fermoy received a bye in this round.
1	he was born on april 16 1988.
1	these photos were taken in january 2012.
1	another flick will turn the lamp off.
1	hamid was the oldest of three children.
1	eleanor o'keefe of kingstown new south wales.
1	well tonight they are teaching the world.
1	it is now in the gemaldegalerie berlin.
1	he gave the turing lecture in 2008.
1	outcome of sex reassignment surgery for transsexuals.
1	these infections are rare and usually lethal.
1	opalewski was born in detroit in 1919.
1	lavery wrote for gawker and the hairpin.
1	it is the only bratton township statewide.
1	it features the seventh doctor and bernice.
1	the village has a population of 50.
1	there are many differences between the versions.
1	it became a national park in 1978.
1	most other types saw only limited success.
1	journal of occupational health psychology 2(4) 289.
1	these documents dated 18january 1318 survive today.
1	he holds dual american and italian citizenship.
1	locations may differ from year to year.
1	he was released on march 26 2012.
1	the cricket development officer is enfield pook.
1	in that mishap shantamma lost her consciousness.
1	events in the year 1998 in turkey.
1	mark's church and band stand bangalore (1870).
1	they released 1976 funky disco single dr.
1	from 1948 arabic numerals were used exclusively.
1	he sings and plays the kamale n'goni.
1	tourism also negatively impacts this tiny population.
1	high pressure steam requires strong bulky components.
1	a third aircraft was sent landing safely.
1	he did not return until early june.
1	o sentimiento liberal na galiza rag 1934.
1	r. lauricola is symbiotic with x. glabratus.
1	juveniles do not have racket-shaped tail feathers.
1	pacific competed as an independent in 1957.
1	the session took place in dublin castle.
1	additionally two assistant speakers are usually appointed.
1	the cast includes depp and marlon brando.
1	plac'd length-ways in the clasping casement hark!
1	she won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	the population was 69 as of 2010.
1	the ovoid capsules measure long and wide.
1	itedmo cadacam ita ti taraonmi iti inaldao.
1	he became closely acquainted with lu xun.
1	the ovoid ovary is long and wide.
1	the deposit was initially discovered in 2007.
1	he made his test debut in 2009.
1	the new college never became prosperous however.
1	it wasn't a good season for him.
1	savoy included the rock imprint 429 records.
1	these issues were published by penguin books.
1	no action was taken against the newspaper.
1	bond of $100,000 is posted by dio.
1	the foam serves a number of purposes.
1	duncan james member of boy band blue.
1	this is then mixed with pcr products.
1	emily weiss was raised in wilton connecticut.
1	i would've really hurt them by leaving.
1	the station was partly renovated in 2014.
1	tarantula is an american adult animated sitcom.
1	it is available as a generic medication.
1	in 1863 he moved back to paris.
1	orbit housing association was established in 1966.
1	he graduated from iit kharagpur in 2010.
1	the orchestra alone could fit 900 people.
1	senior assistant of afternoon session : mdm.
1	telemaco arcangeli 75 italian racewalker and olympian.
1	the village has a population of 470.
1	martinez then ran for a two-point conversion.
1	thereafter bahinabai pronounced tukaram as her guru.
1	it was established as mihalj-kremena in 1948.
1	his appeal in january 2008 was dismissed.
1	alusian barely escaped and returned to ostrovo.
1	in 2022 it was held in portugal.
1	pokrovsky regularly participates in russian tv shows.
1	in 2016 dutch act huub hangop feat.
1	outdoor events are subject to social distancing.
1	the single was released in november 1977.
1	by 1673 the dutch situation further improved.
1	they were transferred under nato mutual aid.
1	brown attended schools in philadelphia and delaware.
1	no elevated platforms exist at this station.
1	the first nhs nurse dies of covid-19.
1	the poem breaks off at this point.
1	the persecution became a massive political purge.
1	unsurprisingly it has a strong donegal bias.
1	the internal walls are of and brick.
1	it retained control of uva provincial council.
1	he was later succeeded by horace zammit.
1	its capital is the city of novara.
1	lynch-staunton married juliana de kuyper in 1958.
1	all songs are written by klaus dinger.
1	after reporting an operating loss of us$2.
1	a european tour was planned for 2016.
1	the official cause of death was suicide.
1	the body was discovered by semenyuk's daughter.
1	he specialized in thoracic and cardiovascular surgery.
1	his parents are from the dominican republic.
1	events in the year 1904 in bulgaria.
1	many questions were raised in this project.
1	eating out is another passion for bangaloreans.
1	they first rehearsed on 13 january 1969.
1	arquebuses are most often associated with matchlocks.
1	the expressway opened on 22 march 2014.
1	he died on 26 july that year.
1	tricoire speaks french english italian and chinese.
1	the petition remains open for six weeks.
1	over 1,000 were killed and 500 captured.
1	louis nomachi isb officer attached to incedios.
1	the chicago tribune called their section womannews.
1	construction on the platform began in 2014.
1	jerry ordway's 1990s the power of shazam!
1	austrian national league champion: 1963 1966 1981.
1	baltimore maryland united states serving until 1959.
1	there all trace of him is lost.
1	the resulting water insecurity constrains economic growth.
1	it is also important for climate-resilient development.
1	concept development experimentation and lessons learned branch.
1	seeking truth and exposing fiction since 1999.
1	powering solutions to extremism hate and disinformation.
1	he attended 2019 convocation ceremony of vssut.
1	nouns receiving the absolutive case are unmarked.
1	the pearls run in rows like lights.
1	he was released on 6 january 2020.
1	aebersold is the father of simona aebersold.
1	the frontal lily bears a greek cross.
1	mw coe was fully accredited in 2015.
1	the bill was passed june 3 2019.
1	for distinguished services to commerce and industry.
1	cornish headed the poll with 2,400 votes.
1	some useful information is found at fernwege.
1	baraccus the late husband of magda searus.
1	christopher and his wife divorced in 2012.
1	as of 2008 the population was 25,584.
1	the company sells optional subscription-based customer support.
1	the origins of the name are unknown.
1	he died in battle in august 1779.
1	resch was sworn in the following day.
1	he was released on august 24 2020.
1	in 1808 he married susannah harriet wiggins.
1	she arrived at san francisco 29 november.
1	the apps were launched in december 2012.
1	people started visiting them and paying respect.
1	she went on to get a ph.
1	the lace is made as a cylinder.
1	he was posthumously awarded the navy cross.
1	this kind of writing drives me berserk.
1	fields include computational economics and computational sociology.
1	according to the sl green realty corp.
1	he has also trained heavyweight shannon briggs.
1	montopolis is a neighborhood in austin texas.
1	leblanc performed these female characters on stage.
1	hamblen charles p. connecticut yankees at gettysburg.
1	the fourth leg took place across asia.
1	these mosques are nuclei of a counter-society.
1	the north american review 170 (521): 575-584.
1	these chipsets were planned but never fabricated.
1	k. kriegsmarine with austro-hungarian crews by july.
1	maja einstein attended elementary school in munich.
1	the cannon tower is also the youngest.
1	his disability precluded him from military service.
1	the second leg took place across europe.
1	it was later referenced by itu-t g.998.
1	during this time he met rapper d-nice.
1	he recorded four goals and five assists.
1	it is from their self-titled debut album.
1	the regimental nickname is the american guard.
1	the regimental march is the gallant seventy-first.
1	the vast majority are defensive in nature.
1	it is about south of california-oregon border.
1	independence was retained following the croatian war.
1	he had a brother and three sisters.
1	in 1867 steel production was 2,000 tonnes.
1	the petals are smooth on both surfaces.
1	in response to criticism of the dh.
1	her finest work was done in verse.
1	after fourteen months his mother also died.
1	in march 1930 he married marie-rose boistel.
1	it was their first ever championship title.
1	it was attended by about 1,000 people.
1	the platen is also called the flatbed.
1	it was described by breuning in 1957.
1	kathleen bever blackburn was born in 1892.
1	campbell was awarded british citizenship in 2013.
1	his odissi style is robust and unique.
1	he also set up engine developments ltd.
1	the village has a population of 57.
1	the title did not convey honorifical name.
1	very abusive arrangements on some medium compositions.
1	artlink vol. 26 no. 3 2006: 46-49.
1	d2 receptor antagonism further compounds these problems.
1	it was followed by the 1999 election.
1	vietnamese wine is wine produced in vietnam.
1	he is member of the kk vojvodina.
1	gant b. schapper karl hermann christian friedrich.
1	it was completed on 11 november 2011.
1	it reduces travel time to five hours.
1	he played college football at northern arizona.
1	some of the mongolian tribes became islamized.
1	hatch currently houses over 30 independent businesses.
1	janaki then accepts siri as her daughter-in-law.
1	she is the sister of anette dytrt.
1	she earned both her masters and ph.
1	it was a wonderful experience great fun.
1	paper dome was originally to be destroyed.
1	he also got recognition as a promoter.
1	prime minister sir john thompson in attendance.
1	cantrell performed alice in chains' hits would?
1	he is a former ibf cruiserweight champion.
1	he stressed on agricultural work and seva.
1	house has been awarded three honorary doctorates.
1	and rgi continues to skate untelevised games.
1	later on she was moved to missouri.
1	when northampton sailed war had not ended.
1	fanatical priests controlled a few powerful city-states.
1	dl14 however was well worth waiting for.
1	the female has not yet been described.
1	the corroded fruit can requires urgent conservation.
1	the building has a strong local flavor.
1	a single diver represented canada in 1920.
1	then he was suspended for 10 days.
1	in 2006 userplane was acquired by aol.
1	orlando city sc are the defending champions.
1	above each canopy are three canopied niches.
1	red green blue gone with the wind.
1	he retired from the service in 1926.
1	ekaterina rietz-rakul steve schepens: berlin contemporary art.
1	the ministry began establishing diplomatic missions abroad.
1	the repurposed building was completed in 1993.
1	pitt was considered to portray jesse james.
1	harold gives martin two hours to leave.
1	konjic and jablanica lie in this area.
1	lr apparently carried stale data from 1819.
1	eddystone was wrecked on 19 may 1843.
1	an index of the book is on-line.
1	for services to the girl guide movement.
1	it was described by monne in 1985.
1	but it did so at a cost.
1	allendale high school's nickname is the falcons.
1	she says she finished in due time.
1	each pair of electrons is spin paired.
1	the village has a population of 200.
1	the village has a population of 1,100.
1	he participated in the 10m air pistol.
1	he currently writes opinion pieces for tuairisc.
1	many critics have questioned this strange choice.
1	in 2008 squirt citrus power was introduced.
1	it has a height of 507 m.a.
1	all scores are composed by david newman.
1	no video was made for the single.
1	today 87% of the 72ha are certified.
1	he may have met giovanni da udine.
1	it was staged at longchamp in 1954.
1	as of 2012 uzbekistan has 53 airports.
1	two different equations have been in use.
1	they did everything i told them to.
1	he is smart and often advises ed.
1	the bell storey is of half-timbered oak.
1	he obtained his phd there in 1841.
1	this was rectified by re-sculpting the fuselage.
1	his father worked as a financial consultant.
1	falk also used a rolleiflex medium-format camera.
1	this section describes the content of faith.
1	he started freestyling in the early 2000s.
1	thakur society is dominant in the community.
1	in 1933 italy made multiple technological achievements.
1	he defeated black reign at final resolution.
1	no lepiota species is recommended as edible.
1	in the field he took 83 catches.
1	miharu station opened on july 21 1914.
1	the work was completed in january 2018.
1	the station opened on 25 october 1910.
1	administered by professor daniel p. ellis dept.
1	we are committed to increasing this number.
1	the initial plan was for 40 stores.
1	he became a full professor in 1991.
1	by late 1550 bucer was becoming disillusioned.
1	it is also known as north denver.
1	he is less interested in matt's religion.
1	they are authorized to carry a firearm.
1	both were controlled remotely from the ground.
1	strangers would greet him on the streets.
1	the series premiered in australia on 9go!
1	several political problems have made this difficult.
1	melini 191011 major royal italian army div.
1	it became extinct about 10,000 years ago.
1	banff used a triple-distillation process until 1924.
1	the proof is essentially due to whitehead.
1	canada qualified four wrestlers (two per gender).
1	a number of people are also injured.
1	events in the year 1882 in bolivia.
1	ventforet kofu won its first major title.
1	maybe there are too many of them.
1	later these industries continued under christian lords.
1	smith graduated from west point in 1956.
1	he also studied politics with vernon bogdanor.
1	membership fees were based on donated income.
1	it was very successful making $3 million.
1	it is found in western north america.
1	john cairns built orchardton tower soon after.
1	dibbs was succeeded by sir john robertson.
1	farentino is a surname of italian origin.
1	he was promoted to lieutenant-general in 1865.
1	paederini is a tribe of rove beetles.
1	caribou lived in maine in the past.
1	in february 2006 opera software followed suit.
1	the film has won several international prizes.
1	she completed her leaving certificate in 1987.
1	guns n' roses not in this lifetime.
1	northwestern flipside is an undergraduate satirical magazine.
1	she initially found the nazi movement attractive.
1	it was described by bates in 1880.
1	he persevered and the village was rebuilt.
1	in 1820 lakia became part of russia.
1	in most cases the cause is unknown.
1	the bacteria are acidophilic and produced endospores.
1	stark ends up enslaved by these people.
1	the building is also called collings hall.
1	commercial-free it received funding from the university.
1	following the remarks hodge considered legal action.
1	their promotion was known as nwa mid-america.
1	in 1972 favulli moved to falmouth massachusetts.
1	it is controlled by the control room.
1	many guyanese practice subsistence agriculture as well.
1	the zong finally landed at black river.
1	the early years of the ordnance survey.
1	the school motto is 'strong and proud'.
1	it was adapted to film in 1915.
1	in particular fraticelli edited seven beauties (1976).
1	it was released on may 27 1918.
1	his second wife died in august 1950.
1	pollak is married to journalist chuck salter.
1	she married jean de carrouges in 1380.
1	cyrus dallin studied with bartlett from 1880-1881.
1	the frecoes are by cosmas damian asam.
1	it is found in the indomalayan realm.
1	the walls are clad in narrow weatherboard.
1	guiding divers in specific underwater search patterns.
1	chief assistant resident engineer was william halcrow.
1	an oak branch symbolises perennity or wisdom.
1	games 17 and 18 were short draws.
1	amunugama is a village in sri lanka.
1	in 1878 he was appointed royal professor.
1	they occasionally sang group harmonies a cappella.
1	after a re-run they dead heated again.
1	on a second re-run saladin was victorious.
1	browne-marke was born in england united kingdom.
1	uucp is an acronym of unix-to-unix copy.
1	the deal closed on august 23 2007.
1	he represented brackley and oxfordshire in parliament.
1	he was appointed on the first ballot.
1	the party is led by volodymyr lytvyn.
1	the parade goes through downtown hustisford twice.
1	she competed in the 2020 summer olympics.
1	part 91 defines a part 91 operator.
1	the gentlemen are coached by mike diaz.
1	it is open from mid-december to march.
1	the bbc later apologised for the comment.
1	the competition between the two was intense.
1	it was premiered on january 23 1948.
1	the current building was built in 1914.
1	the story board ran for eight episodes.
1	sir john woodroffe (arthur avalon) (1913): ong.
1	as phrased by alain cupper from jazzbarisax.
1	kevin de bruyne scored for werder bremen.
1	williamson later faced formal investigation and suspension.
1	he retired in 1945 due to glaucoma.
1	the film was shot in jacksonville florida.
1	potanin died at tomsk in june 1920.
1	a total of 257 prisoners were evacuated.
1	leeds city centre is within walking distance.
1	mrs jennifer thomas of australian capital territory.
1	sp-103 sank accidentally on 12 september 1919.
1	promo digital single by simstan music ltd.
1	the action was planned 2 weeks earlier.
1	the population was 213 as of 2010.
1	additionally she studied recidivism within these populations.
1	the final was held on july 23.
1	the village has a population of 670.
1	roma (edizioni di storia e letteratura) 1981.
1	the community is inside area code 530.
1	for services to hospitality and the community.
1	but the soldiers weren't ready to die.
1	the population was 1 as of 2010.
1	the shield of the ministry of culture.
1	it is located at cacamilingan norte camiling.
1	andrews rejoined the republican party in 2022.
1	the population was 137 as of 2010.
1	for services to children and young people.
1	this episode received mixed to positive reviews.
1	gurjaradesa is believed to have become independent.
1	this stance is not shared by agovc.
1	on the january 4 2010 live impact!
1	he was the eldest of seven children.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	both countries are full members of nato.
1	the film was given an original ending.
1	reviews initially were generally positive with caveats.
1	it has high stress corrosion cracking resistance.
1	however that fact was merely by default.
1	they eat fruits too such as plums.
1	on 25 july 2019 he joined viterbese.
1	nazi germany invaded france in may 1940.
1	on april 30 he announced his retirement.
1	it borders the state of north carolina.
1	a pantomime is usually staged in january.
1	credits adapted from unplugged booklet liner notes.
1	complete germination is achieved within 9 days.
1	puerto rico highway 26 in puerto rico.
1	five soldiers and one civilian were killed.
1	global positioning system (gps) capability was added.
1	the signal is processed in real time.
1	amelia was built in france in 1787.
1	an introduction was translated into many languages.
1	she has also held invited lectures extensively.
1	it is endemic to papua new guinea.
1	robiul islam serves as the school's principal.
1	the mining town of brskovo was nearby.
1	for services to banking and the community.
1	rutgers center for urban policy research 1990.
1	julia darling 48 english novelist and poet.
1	ponsborne carried hospital tents bedding and stores.
1	later governments implemented further social policy changes.
1	however the track suffered three major accidents.
1	bautista was released on may 14 2022.
1	the primary wing feathers have white bars.
1	they were officially representing the polish government.
1	hulagu returned to his lands by 1262.
1	these players get what hendrix was about.
1	for voluntary service in the scottish borders.
1	and in rosario she found that recognition.
1	washington county is a county in texas.
1	there is no cure for the disease.
1	goldenseal became popular in the mid-19th century.
1	the film received a mixed critical reception.
1	the station is currently operated by arriva.
1	the number of injured passengers was seven.
1	the show was directed by caroline byrne.
1	she resided and began her business there.
1	he was born in grants pass oregon.
1	dinosaur hunter harpercollins (new york ny) 2004.
1	i know very well about my weaknesses.
1	the contestant and their partner was eliminated.
1	he graduated in law at warsaw university.
1	his grand-nephew is english singer boy george.
1	public interest disclosure and complaints enactment bill.
1	in theory alexia is the female form.
1	the population was 9 as of 2002.
1	the third and fourth occurred in 2021.
1	rpma is used in ge's ami metering.
1	they are believed to have been polynesian.
1	having directed keaton in beetlejuice burton agreed.
1	by 1882 water supply had radically improved.
1	in 1634 he was pastor in wieringerwaard.
1	this is music-making at the highest level.
1	layden plays his club rugby for buccaneers.
1	the school recently celebrated its 30th anniversary.
1	her parents are patrick and linda finnessey.
1	it was built in the 13th century.
1	one rapier was delivered to hong kong.
1	trachtenberg retired from international publishers in 1962.
1	shelly manne my son the jazz drummer!
1	the coriaceous leaves measure up to long.
1	the first historical reference dates from 1389.
1	they were all administered from the philippines.
1	the fish has three pairs of barbels.
1	two contestants one a returning champion played.
1	the show was originally called word up!
1	the pigment cup is oriented concave dorsally.
1	it was closed down in july 2017.
1	it used to be known as cephalosporium.
1	in 2010 pope formed the band whiskey.
1	the album was called supergott speedy mixes.
1	the attraction opened on december 6 2012.
1	he then entered the international oil business.
1	he was made king's counsel in 1919.
1	mesonephros develops after the pronephros replacing it.
1	in 1996 he was named professor emeritus.
1	the four suspects then fled the scene.
1	he also interned with creditanstalt in london.
1	brooke's acting career continued into the 1970s.
1	muth was the main conceptor of hse.
1	die ewg und die konkurrenz europa-amerika 1968.
1	it is located in the upernavik archipelago.
1	it applies to england and wales only.
1	burial site of the politician eleftherios venizelos.
1	muni is another famous god of tamil.
1	there are of space in 15 william.
1	the electrical equipment was supplied by brush.
1	acasma enjoys prominence at the tertiary level.
1	there are no schools in welcome creek.
1	in this period the ediacaran biota appeared.
1	rankings are as of october 26 2009.
1	the welkin required a sophisticated electrical system.
1	the only alternative to modernization is decadence.
1	several studies have investigated the eland's diet.
1	the girl them rude as their mother.
1	ryan subsequently won the contest that year.
1	mayes was born in oklahoma city oklahoma.
1	the project was completed in fall 2011.
1	according to the similarity scores at baseball-reference.
1	evans was born in johannesburg south africa.
1	both had been in blue colored packaging.
1	he was suffering from a myelodysplastic syndrome.
1	fc dynamo kyiv were the defending champions.
1	by 1971 the show's ratings had plummeted.
1	however philostratus provides a little more information.
1	the value closest to zero is listed.
1	in the all-round event he finished eighth.
1	it was released on august 23 2011.
1	line voltage was 550 volts direct current.
1	five priests were evicted from the ministry.
1	fairfax had six sons and six daughters.
1	carole harmel was born in washington dc.
1	they charge a hefty fee for this.
1	it has a well-defined concentric multi-ring structure.
1	ontario on its own devised a process.
1	they have two children amanda and will.
1	it is located in the upernavik archipelago.
1	museum of contemporary art in lodz poland.
1	the o'boogie brothers eventually split in 1977.
1	she had a younger sister sun luyu.
1	dark angel wound up not being made.
1	that was repeated to ensure good lighting.
1	pamheiba's development of the military paid off.
1	the elevation ranges from to (bear mountain).
1	species typically have a large pointed operculum.
1	this was used until the late 1970s.
1	wiera gran 91 polish singer and actress.
1	it was completed in late november 2008.
1	the ship is operated by suomen saaristokuljetus.
1	it is often found near compost heaps.
1	it was released on november 30 2018.
1	venes was born on june 27 1935.
1	literacy in india in 2011 was 74.04%.
1	he was succeeded by arno j. mayer.
1	the game was rescheduled for november 9.
1	he cannot use part of one leg.
1	annalise villa alongside morris chestnut until 2017.
1	john dassy was a 17th-century anglican clergyman.
1	co-counseling was founded in israel in 1998.
1	carlin was born in swindon wiltshire england.
1	the film was a major commercial success.
1	see water salinity for other reference levels.
1	it lost its sensitivity it lost everything.
1	swimmers representing swedish swim teams may participate.
1	algae or silt are on periostracum usually.
1	she had given many master classes there.
1	it is located in kfar galim village.
1	in the provisional iraqi constitution on 27.
1	the song remains in the public domain.
1	citizen's medal from the city of stuttgart.
1	apostolof paid wood $400 for the script.
1	it was described by breuning in 1981.
1	volker buhren is a german lightweight rower.
1	she became one of britain's museum leaders.
1	with this role she became a star.
1	six candidates are elected in each region.
1	inigala is a village in sri lanka.
1	it was constructed between 1955 and 1956.
1	he was promoted to lieutenant in 1807.
1	joshua mathews (d.1763) son of john mathews.
1	he died in ravenna two years later.
1	as a senior he received all-county honors.
1	the award was first given in 2007.
1	with his estate finally settled popovich sr.
1	jolas was born in paris in 1926.
1	her husband james had died in 1977.
1	hidden was released for streaming september 2015.
1	there is no secondary school in prairie.
1	in june 2007 red rock radio corp.
1	they numbered around 26,600 as of 2013.
1	slaughter was diagnosed with cancer in 1905.
1	in 1889 however nietzsche became significantly incapacitated.
1	he returned to tnt against the llamados.
1	they are therefore types of exotic meson.
1	i colori della guerra interlinea edizioni 2019.
1	the competition is an annual knockout tournament.
1	he became a canadian citizen in 1967.
1	it was described by yatsumatsu in 1939.
1	his university education in england is disputed.
1	the hound was created using visual effects.
1	hawk has zirong execute the bandit spy.
1	devices that measure fluorescence are called fluorometers.
1	the chapelry includes the hamlet of elkstone.
1	shortly afterwards he died from his wounds.
1	noel mcgregor 75 new zealand test cricketer.
1	the film has rating on rotten tomatoes.
1	kelleher has been involved in several incidents.
1	he served in parliament for seven years.
1	he obtained a degree in international politics.
1	in luke 10 no profile was made.
1	the region is a popular tourist destination.
1	critical response to the film was negative.
1	its economic model is based on advertising.
1	later editions do not have these typos.
1	bdi became a non-profit affiliate of scl.
1	art continuously creates new ways of observing.
1	forms 1 to 9 are considered compulsory.
1	acting temporary sergeant albert edward webb po.
1	all three matches took place in cairo.
1	jujiro brings their infant daughter to oishi.
1	an english-language literary magazine established in 1889.
1	as a child abner was very short.
1	it was built between 2008 and 2009.
1	sunderland stoke city and burton albion midfielder.
1	mr jonas walter van praag of tasmania.
1	this reduces heart rate and vascular resistance.
1	many cars flew on the second hill.
1	he is buried in brompton cemetery london.
1	it is regionally aligned to east africa.
1	as kansas city chiefs massive 260 lbs.
1	it is endemic to the galapagos islands.
1	the work was not a financial success.
1	he also started in 14 post-season games.
1	later in 1962 the hall was added.
1	neal's successor ron atkinson ensured city's survival.
1	he joined the varsity team this season.
1	ivisan is politically subdivided into 15 barangays.
1	white swan is located at (46.394444 120.702958).
1	it is part of the houtman abrolhos.
1	he left the country permanently in 1942.
1	he was elected vice president in 1916.
1	local affairs were covered extensively but politely.
1	her latest book is christmas for beginners.
1	eventually her memory is restored thrilling dante.
1	in 1785 he married wilhelmine elisabeth geiger.
1	lynn wants to break up with owen.
1	retrospective review and historical and antiquarian magazine.
1	the population was 466 as of 2002.
1	corman's new concorde co-produced and distributed it.
1	covadonga sank in less than 10 minutes.
1	all versions of a document are kept.
1	registration is not required in this website.
1	he worked creatively until 1969 age 86.
1	his partner sergey glazunov was found dead.
1	she taught at smith college in massachusetts.
1	sculeni is a border checkpoint to moldova.
1	he graduated from south eugene high school.
1	to the east is the springbrook plateau.
1	also referred to as the early days.
1	eight hundred employees worked at the site.
1	high jurisdiction and woodlands remained commonly held.
1	from november 1943 operation most iii started.
1	currently working with citi as vice president.
1	sloane married julia margaret hawkins in 1929.
1	now it has four issues per year.
1	a hidden basement holds the wine cellar.
1	it is located between liluah and bally.
1	its main organ was servire il popolo.
1	these are governed by two elected boards.
1	the population is 6368 (as of 2010).
1	bendz completed the painting in early 1830.
1	he was born on may 15 1971.
1	ambondromahabo is a village near ambondromamy madagascar.
1	edanduwawa is a village in sri lanka.
1	both were unsuccessful when they were released.
1	caldwell carried most parishes in the primary.
1	sivtsov moved to for the 2012 season.
1	mcevoy is married and has four children.
1	hence his baltimore birth is in question.
1	buffy arrives with the others close behind.
1	the fort was historically considered most impregnable.
1	udh eats room from the tp-ud field.
1	he was tackled by two usf players.
1	nothing further is known of his family.
1	acting temporary sergeant frederick harry morgan po.
1	the album was received with mixed reviews.
1	next petrova played at the dubai championships.
1	adetomyrma cilium is only known from males.
1	acting temporary sergeant walter william power po.
1	hospitals and boarding schools followed this example.
1	getting across the gorge was another matter.
1	born february 5th 1965 in volgograd ussr.
1	recreational vehicles and travel: a resource guide.
1	she left the company under two years.
1	they have two children james and elizabeth.
1	heart rate is minimally elevated or normal.
1	in 1914 warren married ina olive gilbert.
1	his own notarial secretaries were the cancellarii.
1	the fort was abandoned several years afterward.
1	starting in 1991 more international artists participated.
1	the rengmas are experts in terrace cultivation.
1	more than half these irish were protestant.
1	cooperstown oak hill rd off hogback rd.
1	the race was contested by three candidates.
1	his regular position was as a forward.
1	these settlements were inhabited at different times.
1	he also addressed a rally in kerala.
1	it has an area of 25,703 sq.
1	the governorate was divided into twelve uyezds.
1	western films were popular for this time.
1	when they came out they'd been whipped.
1	the direction was further revised in 2010.
1	his followers burn down the senate house.
1	for this mitra was sentenced to death.
1	transactions of the gaelic society of dublin.
1	that well and a subsequent one failed.
1	she died in september or october 1402.
1	die neue rundschau vom 6. juni 1945.
1	other principal suburbs are narellan and macarthur.
1	vasilev joined arda kardzhali in june 2019.
1	bickmore nor the project won either category.
1	he was released on june 27 2011.
1	from 2001 he also served as manager.
1	fontanet is located 92km east-northeast of lleida.
1	tremica is an archaeological site in corsica.
1	work started near manningtree in october 1848.
1	they also planned to tour in 2007.
1	january 2011: the relationship with the giant.
1	cauria is an archaeological site in corsica.
1	shot at the great western forum wow!
1	instead he supported another candidate yusuf iv.
1	his brother is the mathematician vitali milman.
1	dale earnhardt jr. of dale earnhardt inc.
1	goldring was a supporter of samuel griffith.
1	it was endemic to the united states.
1	williams scored 13 points in his debut.
1	the population was 37 as of 2010.
1	frank usually handles challenges on his own.
1	the camp closed in the late 1960s.
1	post-docs included andrew duchon and paul allopenna.
1	he is a son of andrey tikhonov.
1	the museum is open thursday through sunday.
1	this is what philosophers call epistemological abstraction.
1	portia is an inner satellite of uranus.
1	the chainarol-puya details the ethics of duelling.
1	in 1907 czekanowski defended his doctoral dissertation.
1	the little owl first breeds in england.
1	the population was 877 as of 2010.
1	the league ceased operations in april 2019.
1	bury still open as bury st edmunds.
1	the kapust hasidic dynasty originates in kopys.
1	mr bellgrove's eyes didn't flash at all.
1	see also john buckley and william raynor.
1	fifth berlin biennial for contemporary art (2008).
1	intensive mixing occurs where these streams meet.
1	it is now nationally scarce in britain.
1	token passing is not restricted to rings.
1	prank improves alignments when insertions are present.
1	it is a piece of honest film-making.
1	however the attraction was later became dormant.
1	sonchus fruticosus seedlings ii by omar hoftun.
1	he played in all of scotland's fixtures.
1	compeed plasters are still manufactured by coloplast.
1	the fabulous moolah 84 american professional wrestler.
1	he was born at pimlico in london.
1	igor moiseyev 101 russian choreographer heart failure.
1	catedral de zagreb croacia 2014-04-20 dd 34.
1	he attended catholic schools through high school.
1	most of the taliban fled to pakistan.
1	he has two brothers brendan and shawn.
1	she was acquitted on may 21 2021.
1	giuliani is known for dressing in drag.
1	and if logan finds out about it?
1	w. h. review of what is history?
1	the eastern border is the mediterranean sea.
1	he is a native of new mexico.
1	allen designed the great seal of vermont.
1	gemma is a victim of the holocaust.
1	the alliance was formed sometime before 1983.
1	avenal state prison employs over 1,500 people.
1	there is some dispute about this tribe.
1	it lobbies on planning and environmental issues.
1	the phantom leads them to the lake.
1	modern windows are made from float glass.
1	in dogs its inheritance is autosomal dominant.
1	the diagrams show how each piece moves.
1	she is a member of tapura huiraatira.
1	it is part of the aksy district.
1	rucava had 550 residents as of 2006.
1	mr. malcolm james louis randell commissioned engineer.
1	senna later admitted it was bad bad.
1	he left three sons and six daughters.
1	anisothrix is a genus of snout moths.
1	his sister fanny street founded hillcroft college.
1	nkrumah was also a very flamboyant leader.
1	her parents are ryan and ellen taylor.
1	after school officially debuted in january 2009.
1	agriculture is the main source of economy.
1	the capture took place off cape clear.
1	he plays guitar piano trumpet and drums.
1	the folgore is a very accurate weapon.
1	fuel rationing began in the united states.
1	government official site of the scottish government.
1	the military remained under the president's control.
1	the wrestlers are divided into 2 groups.
1	around 1330 palermo's population stood at 51,000.
1	a robbery failed and the group disbanded.
1	all are maintained by the parish council.
1	etah's primary economy is centered around agriculture.
1	events in the year 1968 in germany.
1	barias club won the title in 2019.
1	there are different variations of the recipe.
1	the intrusions appear to be tectonic effects.
1	wilson included a chapter on human behavior.
1	momentus high performance laptop hard disk drives.
1	the rescue was suspended at 11 pm.
1	academia catavencu is a cult satirical weekly.
1	cox c. b. p. d. moore (1985).
1	coverage in psychology textbooks was largely hostile.
1	camplin won bronze her second olympic medal.
1	hearing aids do not provide immediate improvement.
1	he was born without his left hand.
1	there are also a few other kindergartens.
1	they emigrated to the u.s. in 1941.
1	after watching the american film that's entertainment!
1	their daughter was born in january 2017.
1	in thai the male is called kumarn-thong.
1	the race was won by pasquale fornara.
1	watson white h. gaiety at homosexual opening.
1	shaughnessy and elliot refined the gaming system.
1	rotorua art gallery rotorua december 1986-february 1987.
1	several departures took place after survivor series.
1	after this he left to be treated.
1	it was released on august 31 2004.
1	in 2016 the district had 3,300 students.
1	stats reflect time with the devils only.
1	however the motor is vulnerable to overheating.
1	many other glycosides have important physiological functions.
1	barents airlink was a swedish based airline.
1	in 2018 a 8-year leap was introduced.
1	it is available on amazon web services.
1	it was rejected by a significant margin.
1	in 2013 gonzales released his solo debut.
1	adams county voters have been strongly republican.
1	john groetelaars is the president and ceo.
1	it is currently boarded up and abandoned.
1	common structures include cv(c) and ccv(c) roots.
1	his parents died when he was young.
1	she also gifted kavya a golden ring.
1	shall the laws of oklahoma be enforced?
1	costs in millions of 1979 us dollars.
1	for services to legacy in northern ireland.
1	there is currently no cure for pseudoachondroplasia.
1	nathan threw a mix of four pitches.
1	in 2019 hill-rom rebranded itself as hillrom.
1	the loss occurred on july 29 1883.
1	tcg ege (f256) formerly in izmit turkey.
1	craig robinson (born 1962) college basketball coach.
1	it is the only recovery township statewide.
1	there are 3300 television channels in total.
1	when lanyard declines he is released unharmed.
1	anthrax outbreak investigation at gundlupet (karnataka) 2013.
1	they practice clan exogamy despite being endogamous.
1	this inscription is written in 33 rows.
1	the floors are covered in mosaic tile.
1	the resumed trail travels north under i-280.
1	they moved to new orleans in 1840.
1	ionospheric layers are not gases but plasmas.
1	this marine species occurs off southeast africa.
1	battery-powered lanterns (filling with krypton or xenon).
1	it was filmed in universal city california.
1	surely he does not like the wasteful.
1	in the 1960s the ijtunnel was constructed.
1	the development of behavior patterns in children.
1	annacotty is the home of two clubs.
1	television service is available throughout the country.
1	so imagine what happens to our skin.
1	mr malcolm alexander kinnaird of south australia.
1	a multi-national army began to devastate samnium.
1	a project for future stars of africa!
1	pascal structures programs into procedures and functions.
1	that same year paul married vivian bachrach.
1	he lost to republican george c. perkins.
1	many creoles attend formal and informal gatherings.
1	today it is mostly an industrial municipality.
1	the catalytic hydrogenation of noreximide gives (1).
1	her second book je veux du chocolat!
1	she attended akiba hebrew academy high school.
1	the content of the message is unknown.
1	does the patient have low back pain?
1	polish air force operated 49 aircraft postwar.
1	it was shortlisted for booker prize (2004).
1	ayaa and brown competed for second place.
1	precision has seen several variations since 1969.
1	this programming scheme ended on april 20.
1	the country has reserves of metallurgical-grade chromite.
1	the bluelip parrotfish typically inhabits seagrass beds.
1	paralympic games torch bearer marathon in kitchener.
1	like estradiol estrone has poor oral bioavailability.
1	ambrose continued to antagonize foley through twitter.
1	mining was conducted on a small scale.
1	map reproduced above delineates old shore line.
1	graduates include ulama (islamic scholars) and huffaz.
1	it is known from brazil and ecuador.
1	to the east is the kauerbach valley.
1	the railway bridge was built in 1912.
1	it was used as a graveyard chapel.
1	kings also gave their patronage to artists.
1	the partnership aims to push forward deeproute.
1	the venue was city park hockey stadium.
1	the rankings used are the cfp rankings.
1	the chorus is rapped by nate dogg.
1	ashok over time gets a stepbrother arun.
1	two days later it crossed the powder.
1	colquhoun continued producing art until around 1983.
1	reid j. a fresh look at landscapes.
1	naihan li served as the project coordinator.
1	the guardians are unaware of his actions.
1	in 1914 he was influenced by cubism.
1	it commenced operations on 15 december 2003.
1	both the septae and costae are robust.
1	the film is directed by baillie walsh.
1	it was described by saito in 1982.
1	lithuanian air force operated this type postwar.
1	adviser taskforce europe the prime minister's office.
1	the cemetery consists of around 120 graves.
1	in a busy town eckbert meets hugo.
1	large lakes were created by glacial action.
1	always has been and always will be.
1	this was the 25th russell athletic bowl.
1	it is spoken in italy and france.
1	and come ter take it from us.
1	i kin handle myself against any man!
1	in example 1 the speaker is amazed.
1	bouck ordered his men to remain awake.
1	these fills included ammonal schneiderite and amatol.
1	her painting and literary opus are small.
1	by 1935 he parted company with nolan.
1	the dam forms the gobind sagar reservoir.
1	the motored cars each have one pantograph.
1	a basal grey spot can be seen.
1	durand founded the pancho fierro dance company.
1	szuper lives in his hometown of budapest.
1	ascione grew up in brooklyn new york.
1	the use of animals as inanimate objects.
1	gaurav malvankar as gaurav: single always ready-to-mingle.
1	newman edgar leon and robert lawrence simpson.
1	by 1890 160 boys were in attendance.
1	it is now a customs office again.
1	first man 2018 played by steve coulter.
1	the race started and finished in huy.
1	fifteen percent of those polled were undecided.
1	riverwind bodyguard and romantic interest of goldmoon.
1	he was buried in his hometown nizhyn.
1	the next day his ex threatens lily.
1	she is also known as judy weng.
1	nihar ranjan gupta indian dermatologist and novelist.
1	the mosque was named after muhammad bello.
1	he hails from the saleeban habargidir clan.
1	burundi launches mass testing for the virus.
1	miller contributed to the exhibition the nevergiveups.
1	he is a fierce critic of farmaajo.
1	west michigan ironmen as an expansion team.
1	the show was axed in february 2011.
1	this species blooms from april to october.
1	the irony is not lost on him.
1	the interior is thickly wooded and brambled.
1	saxo-borussia was established on 16 december 1820.
1	the village has around 5000 total population.
1	it is not like this at all.
1	this often leads to hypoglycemia at birth.
1	he currently wrestles on the independent circuit.
1	attendance in pre-school is 93% in victoria.
1	it also helps calibration in automotive applications.
1	voskamp is a supporter of compassion international.
1	steve robertson (actor) of scotland the what?
1	he was an adjunct professor at byu.
1	dennys then studied at exeter art school.
1	he continues to serve as acting chairman.
1	in 1989 the previous rainbow group split.
1	for services to physiotherapy particularly during covid-19.
1	so tell me now are you rich?
1	hysteria was released on 22 october 2013.
1	their second offer for $68,000 is accepted.
1	he died at saranac lake new york.
1	parke lost the fight via split decision.
1	in 1990 he retired and left politics.
1	a post office was established in 1857.
1	it has a haunting twist to it.
1	this would not be last such case.
1	she wrestled her last match in 2002.
1	the southwestern basins (campaspe loddon avoca wimmera).
1	new york farrar straus and young 1951.
1	in some areas eid fairs are arranged.
1	in 1968 park settled in toronto canada.
1	he held the rank of 9th dan.
1	the exact origins of persan is unknown.
1	plc has won the following gsv premierships.
1	valentino ambrosio kicked a 40-yard field goal.
1	hallie moved to salem oregon in 1972.
1	the group is still wholly family owned.
1	the family capitosauridae is synonymous with mastodonsauridae.
1	he was survived by his wife lena.
1	thiocarbonic acid currently has no significant applications.
1	the news-miner operates a web site newsminer.
1	society with an introduction by aldous huxley.
1	the southern border is the litani river.
1	the building is listed a historic site.
1	he was temporarily replaced by james horan.
1	the dam is also operated by ebmud.
1	dos 610 series sheet w 66 64.
1	nagelfar were a german black metal band.
1	but colloquially these are written without nuqta.
1	vorbe was waived on 5 march 2001.
1	mary dann early 80s american indian activist.
1	they had two sons angada and chandraketu.
1	the state government has spent about rs.
1	the album was released in december 2019.
1	the monastery is today known as st.
1	the full text of the message follows.
1	shortly after his release he married her.
1	virugambakkam lies on the poonamallee-vadapalani-broadway bus route.
1	he was declared inactive in 2 games.
1	the ninth may have constructed the facility.
1	he graduated from central academy of drama.
1	older issues are available online from jstor.
1	he was freed on oct 1st 2022.
1	each maker made 1.5-2 instruments a month.
1	he retired from the company in 1996.
1	september 8: second battle of fort sumter.
1	the series finished on july 20 2020.
1	the flight launched on 16 november 2020.
1	chandru raheja was succeeded by bs nagesh.
1	montague white english cricketer died in irby.
1	each of these syllables is sung unilaterally.
1	beaird married actress shevonne durkin in 2001.
1	his growth is accelerated unnaturally by galbatorix.
1	dahrul suffered nose fracture and bleeding continuously.
1	homer gets captured but cyrus frees him.
1	sinclair has won multiple awards and distinctions.
1	eight coffins were recovered made from logs.
1	blue roses (based on the glass menagerie).
1	meanwhile editor bolz learns of adelheid's arrival.
1	raoul de warren married marie de montrichard.
1	more recently it was found in oregon.
1	otago daily times tuesday 30 november 1993.
1	he was then signed by mvv maastricht.
1	all times are in minutes and seconds.
1	the book was first published in 1969.
1	prinstein received his b.a. from emory university.
1	afterwards he would give them a tract.
1	his father is an accomplished jazz drummer.
1	its grand altar-piece is by grinling gibbons.
1	byu then forced yet another michigan punt.
1	watson also began distributing coal and cement.
1	three of the eight planners were arrested.
1	in 2022 bgs celebrated its 140th anniversary.
1	apples are an appropriate fruit to offer.
1	leslie harrison dam is on tingalpa creek.
1	events in the year 1860 in mexico.
1	this festival presented mostly classic rock bands.
1	silcocks started competing in athletics in 2009.
1	the league ceased operations in april 2019.
1	the capital jounieh is overwhelmingly maronite christian.
1	it owned the global network and e!
1	it bought and developed more overseas hotels.
1	iwamoto station opened on 31 march 1924.
1	the series is directed by soroush sehhat.
1	disc brakes are unaffected by tyre width.
1	prostitution in bolivia is legal and regulated.
1	totternhoe board school,castle hill road totternhoe bedfordshire.
1	fifteen episodes of the program were produced.
1	since 1992 it is a state museum.
1	there are 64,688 houses in the sub-district.
1	delaware elected its member october 7 1806.
1	the aeciospores are dispersed to vitis spp.
1	bertie realizes that jeeves has saved him.
1	they currently play in thai league 2.
1	lochview's common ground maintenance is privately factored.
1	browne's government was facing a massive challenge.
1	the largest employer is bourgault industries ltd.
1	in poland the trails are open year-round.
1	her godmother is queen sonja of norway.
1	it previously owned the westin hotels chain.
1	the parish has a population of 199.
1	it is under the ministry of agriculture.
1	it also includes a minor in gaelic.
1	they arrived in dakota territory in 1883.
1	murder victim marion crofts lived in fleet.
1	carl werntz was born in sterling illinois.
1	the club operates four teams every saturday.
1	louise elisabeth peterhoff is a swedish actress.
1	nanette kuczek as penny gayle coldyron's girlfriend.
1	all tracks written and performed by amiina.
1	she is dressed in an attic peplos.
1	the outcome of the lawsuits is unknown.
1	wyxr sign on in 1974 as wswm.
1	popular monophonic synthesizers include the moog minimoog.
1	it was watched by 5.37 million viewers.
1	the higher learning flourished at the sorbonne.
1	house moves and viewings are also permitted.
1	wiseman works both in nz and australia.
1	the show is produced by jimmy fallon.
1	besides these there are diviners and sorcerers.
1	the threat to argentina had been neutralized.
1	scientific collaboration was one of her strengths.
1	it is only recently that the messrs.
1	a replacement penis does not grow back.
1	it is mostly used for wrestling competitions.
1	versions of the modern flute and panpipes.
1	motufoua secondary school is located on vaitupu.
1	the linoleic acid content is only 0.5%.
1	consultado el 20 de agosto de 2008.
1	her brother was announcer kim tae ok.
1	the process is a race against time.
1	the tramway network currently has five lines.
1	minor alterations were made to the vestibule.
1	his defensive abilities were termed as adequate.
1	tamm is a shallow lunar impact crater.
1	d. in biblical studies from marquette university.
1	capital is largely a matter of luxury.
1	in 1989 the bricklaying block was built.
1	since childhood he was of weak health.
1	from then he went to great britain.
1	the club's current manager is steve corica.
1	in 1950 bailey graduated with university honors.
1	our intent was to improve our record.
1	the attack destroys the al-shabaab hideout facility.
1	he started his diplomatic career in constantinople.
1	wilson was represented by matthew collins qc.
1	speedweeks 2016 started with the sprint unlimited.
1	akiyama suffered heart failure in her home.
1	rosalee attacks nick who renders her unconscious.
1	in 2002 sweden revised its security doctrine.
1	while away bay decided to study law.
1	likewise generated electromagnetic fields meets international standards.
1	catherine died at kimbolton castle on 1536.
1	his daughter got married in april 2014.
1	the population is 1394 people (2003 census).
1	the easypass system was introduced in 2012.
1	two men were killed and several wounded.
1	geology hydrogeology and activity of limestone karst.
1	sewers only exist in the capital georgetown.
1	many were regular citizens fleeing political persecution.
1	he won the fight by unanimous decision.
1	years later i came to appreciate it.
1	houndmouth formed in the summer of 2011.
1	it was described by pascoe in 1859.
1	it falls within the west worcestershire constituency.
1	musk and heard both denied the affair.
1	he continued to use the title reverend.
1	hyeon-seo grew up in hyesan north korea.
1	the incumbent lieutenant governor gardiner was re-elected.
1	tayyaba salar's mother and sikander usman's wife.
1	he is always wearing a wizard's apron.
1	she was born in laghman in 1974.
1	the hudson terminal was then shut down.
1	dagmar's canteen was broadcast from 12:15 a.m.
1	it is named after sefton near maghull.
1	in the 1830s domes became extravagantly large.
1	morph plus performed same effects as cinemorph.
1	a scout's honour is to be trusted.
1	the trading post was closed in 1925.
1	hermann simon grew up in east berlin.
1	for more information please see cross-strait relations.
1	the real problem with america's inner cities.
1	at its peak it had 15,000 subscribers.
1	around 1368 brunon de ribeaupierre became owner.
1	haz de tu vida la obra artwork.
1	the road runs generally southwest to northeast.
1	he regularly took part in charity concerts.
1	atomic gardens are used to mutate crops.
1	it feeds on fishes crustaceans and cephalopods.
1	myers died in detroit michigan in 2003.
1	it is now a bed and breakfast.
1	only dual-processor configurations were ever actually sold.
1	he was sacked the following 9 march.
1	alex beam's son is also named jacob.
1	they have been divorced for several years.
1	the platform is not shown by jowett.
1	baylis died in 1971 in san francisco.
1	skin thickening can sometimes occur over time.
1	congress has never enacted such a statute.
1	for more details see the main article.
1	pediatric urology concerns urologic disorders in children.
1	he recorded two goals in eight games.
1	the sports network launched its website tsn.
1	kondapalli is an industrial suburb of vijayawada.
1	schwencke's compositions have survived only in part.
1	it was described by fairmaire in 1896.
1	the island belongs to outer islands district.
1	the species overwinters in the larval stage.
1	there is no railway crossing between bahadurgarh-jhajjar.
1	it took effect on 25 december 2014.
1	the music video also won at direction.
1	the soundtrack was composed by ram sampath.
1	the species is harvested for human consumption.
1	the corresponding graded module is not unique.
1	dinero defeated suicide in a grudge match.
1	the larvae probably feed on arundinaria species.
1	the baronetcy became extinct on his death.
1	mycobacteria have an outer membrane lipid bilayer.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	dysphagia a life-threatening side-effect may rarely occur.
1	mbbs ran on standard intel pc hardware.
1	this would have taken much more time.
1	botta primarily plays as an attacking midfielder.
1	he and sherwood johnston would race it.
1	swamps and bogs can also be found.
1	he said he has been nicknamed mr.
1	increasingly financial software gives companies greater flexibility.
1	in addition countless spores can be found.
1	he immediately secured passage back to charleston.
1	she used to belong to oscar promotion.
1	she is of cree and chipewyan descent.
1	he is wounded in battle but survives.
1	sri international studied solid ionic hydrogen fuel.
1	others remained in singapore at changi prison.
1	siamanto was a pioneer in armenian poetry.
1	richardson was educated at christ's college cambridge.
1	prisoners have experienced varying degrees of enfranchisement.
1	sometimes determining etiology is an imprecise process.
1	laura bonarrigo was born in brookline massachusetts.
1	the light has been inactive since 1844.
1	fiennes is her match in soulful artistry.
1	allmayer-beck johann christoph and lessing erich (1974).
1	in the ambulance is a built-in ct-scanner.
1	accordingly they proceed and start the ritual.
1	also on the property is a cottage.
1	also known as recao or mexican coriander.
1	he was from a big italian family.
1	alterations including a new kitchen and cellarage.
1	it is found in kwazulu-natal south africa.
1	plant collecting was also a high priority.
1	the first is scheduled for november 2023.
1	he succeeded christopher lloyd on lloyd's retirement.
1	black was very strong in promoting writers.
1	white oak swamp and glendale june 30.
1	she frequently incorporates skewed and distended grids.
1	he was executed a few days later.
1	the school was established in september 1953.
1	the following numbers fall into that category.
1	gardner took office on january 6 2017.
1	ermelo is the seat of the municipality.
1	the population was 166 as of 2018.
1	a bad harvest brings famine in europe.
1	ryoji soon falls in love with suzume.
1	it is commonly known as hairy gomphrena.
1	soon they were near kharkiv and krasnohrad.
1	ficci young achievers award (2006) new delhi.
1	she went on to complete a ph.
1	wherry was born in st. louis missouri.
1	when italy capitulated he personally informed hitler.
1	occupation of fairfax court house july 17.
1	it is found in venezuela and colombia.
1	the building is now owned by inc.
1	it was awarded for four daytime jumps.
1	the tower weighed 345 tons (313 tonnes).
1	at gravelly springs alabama until february 1865.
1	three male pentathletes represented australia in 1992.
1	the following golden hurricane player was selected.
1	customers comprise both shipyards and ship owners.
1	built in 1922 and restored in 1944.
1	it was described by breuning in 1940.
1	specimens of the diatom cyclotella also recorded.
1	his father was a blacksmith and farmer.
1	art new zealand no. 99 (2001) p54-55.
1	harrison was made fully accessible in 2019.
1	her retirement was announced two weeks later.
1	sideman was elected to crediton in 973.
1	not all countries shared the same priorities.
1	there are also tunnels beneath the town.
1	in 1928 the golf course was complete.
1	castle lichtenberg became the oberamt of lichtenberg.
1	liow cai tung is a malaysian politician.
1	the cheltenham by-election was a parliamentary by-election.
1	confusion ruled in camp the next morning.
1	in 1859 34 kerosene lamps were installed.
1	he returned to boston by early 1919.
1	he was educated at trinity college dublin.
1	this area had a predominantly indigenous population.
1	this act was replaced by dance trapeze.
1	formerly known as 'coup without a name'.
1	the prelude describes eckbert's killing of walther.
1	hima calls her by the name 'vantalakka'.
1	later that autumn traverse county was decommissioned.
1	holmes became the company's ceo in 1995.
1	in 1895 he was promoted to constructor.
1	each has between two and four neighbourhoods.
1	the war damage was repaired in 1949.
1	he was credited with twelve aerial victories.
1	sheth distinguished international emory alumni award 2003.
1	soundtrack was composed by devi sri prasad.
1	all times are pacific standard time (utc-8).
1	spaceflight became increasingly privatized including crewed spaceflight.
1	his intention was to end the occupation.
1	the niches are topped by tall pediments.
1	entre la noche y el mar 1933.
1	teams were seeded by conference winning percentage.
1	they were in the same english class.
1	soon after his birth he was enslaved.
1	richard had a full brother named george.
1	british relations with the chinese empire 1832.
1	the revision was completed at late 2021.
1	for services to manufacturing and the environment.
1	among her ancestors were many revolutionary soldiers.
1	it never feels forced it feels right.
1	the number grew to 2,800 by 2006.
1	his work appeared in over 100 publications.
1	betty bolton 99 english actress and singer.
1	its buildings are now an industrial estate.
1	freitag lost 14 killed and 28 wounded.
1	in 2017 it gone to auction again.
1	there are no public schools within pico-robertson.
1	his last match was against wakefield trinity.
1	he is the son of jack carney.
1	later riya went to meet the lady.
1	it was described by breuning in 1949.
1	angus taylor was given the energy portfolio.
1	possibly the largest issue was its funding.
1	whiskey spring studio was completed in 2003.
1	joe pesci (born 1943) academy award-winning actor.
1	on august 2 2016 calvin klein inc.
1	she died in fremont nebraska in 1976.
1	the commission dissolved itself in august 1970.
1	a second series was broadcast in 2018.
1	however neither of these projects were completed.
1	she publicly came out bisexual in 2021.
1	this took place on 16 august 1921.
1	efir started his career with legia warsaw.
1	eapn's membership also includes 13 european organisations.
1	most sea-going assets are based at guayaquil.
1	kenya achieved independence later on in 1963.
1	the pointed chancel arch is 13th century.
1	there are further exemptions for elite athletes.
1	mainman a. j. and jenner a. 2013.
1	francis shea died on august 18 1994.
1	the race was won by gaetano belloni.
1	diagnostic catheters direct wires through blood vessels.
1	bayern faced vfl wolfsburg on 25 september.
1	hvv is now an amateur football club.
1	the building is now a popular bar.
1	by 1800 they began a yearly conference.
1	sorensen supports a range of charitable causes.
1	he is buried at brookwood cemetery surrey.
1	ventrally the legs are white in color.
1	big life with daniel richler cbc newsworld.
1	he has a bachelor of arts degree.
1	lily then arranges parties at various houses.
1	the current editor is dr david vernon.
1	brimscombe football club was established in 1886.
1	azerbaijan was automatically qualified as host country.
1	stalin as military commander (1998) online edition.
1	argo (1997) for alto or tenor saxophone.
1	for services to rowing and the community.
1	the official takedown notice sent to livejournal.
1	it is written in greek minuscule letters.
1	july 28: arkansas ratifies the nineteenth amendment.
1	it is a tributary of big creek.
1	the babies are frequently small for dates.
1	levant later posted the videos on youtube.
1	in 1985 alexander himself joined l.a. guns.
1	however kavya proves him wrong in court.
1	orange was born in auckland in 1938.
1	in 1869 he moved to taylor iowa.
1	the siphonal canal is short and open.
1	his brother was the sculptor albert toft.
1	in the pairs competition she placed seventh.
1	many unofficial regional languages are also spoken.
1	picofarads of capacitance to ground limited bandwidth.
1	he died in november 1939 in oslo.
1	the company reverse merged with jts inc.
1	harris chowdhury is a fugitive from 2007.
1	he renders minor characters from his imagination.
1	thana was the capital of these feudatories.
1	freezing is often used to kill parasites.
1	a. g. l. shaw 96 australian historian.
1	watch our facebook page for more information.
1	the palace belongs to the kolowrat family.
1	frank odoi 64 kenyan cartoonist road accident.
1	the type specimen is in total length.
1	thomas christian wyller 89 norwegian political scientist.
1	published in 1926 by pascal covici inc.
1	navodaya appachan 81 indian film producer cancer.
1	according to aol radio blog and rawkpit.
1	arran has one newspaper the arran banner.
1	later we see angelica on the shore.
1	the river blaise flows through the commune.
1	the town of tirumala is strictly vegetarian.
1	it has a height of 621 m.a.
1	his paternal grandmother was corsican from prunelli-di-fiumorbo.
1	pass an interview with the gateway staff.
1	he asserts that he is czar demetrius.
1	the project was fully completed in 1984.
1	new archaeological and epigraphical finds from ivriz.
1	the praenestines broke at the first charge.
1	his works were in telugu and sanskrit.
1	the vitae are unhelpful at this point.
1	the island features in the scottish chiefs.
1	he was also the founder of 1wrestling.
1	the supper depends on available local ingredients.
1	only a solve-three-plots-at-once ending spoils the entertainment.
1	as of 2015 fofpss operated the museum.
1	the germans settled on former ukrainians lands.
1	she died there in 1815 aged 83.
1	the ray florets do not contain staminodes.
1	all the others scored less than 30.
1	solid propellants come in two main types.
1	many of these were available in 1987.
1	lieutenant william h.b.tremlett took command in 1800.
1	five seignories later composed the varennes parish.
1	antigonus fell in battle but demetrius escaped.
1	dazzler appears in wolverine and the x-men.
1	the origin of african languages (in russian).
1	april 1998: teaching in an ill-structured situation.
1	for services to scouting and the community.
1	for services to the people of niue.
1	the artwork was removed on later pressings.
1	antioch became his chief seat of government.
1	the base of the shell is convex.
1	there are two durga puja parks here.
1	it once had various freight transport facilities.
1	it is a registered tangible cultural heritage.
1	in 2017 the municipality had 1,291 inhabitants.
1	around 1960 gene shoemaker revived the idea.
1	as of 2000 its population was 9,654.
1	in 1970 the local league was created.
1	other mesoamerican peoples penetrated costa rican territory.
1	bertram sausmarez carey political officer chin hills.
1	the village has a population of 150.
1	played cricket for south woodford cc 1970.
1	historic lili village is located in wujiang.
1	the inflorescence is surrounded by spiny bracts.
1	you will be more deserving of them.
1	mazie hirono is a current u.s. senator.
1	among them are nemesis nike and aphrodite.
1	at seventeen he taught in prospect schools.
1	encyclopedia of latino popular culture 2 vols.
1	there are 4 people who speak italian.
1	promotion to the dublin senior team followed.
1	the glider model is afnor standard certified.
1	both continue to attain high exam results.
1	the village has a population of 571.
1	in january 2019 their daughter was born.
1	a horizontal rod is on the left.
1	the village has a population of 936.
1	peter meijer (mi-03) lost renomination in 2022.
1	the new versions were produced until 1986.
1	the original document was lost in 1244.
1	he sings plays guitar piano and ukulele.
1	we wanted to have fun with nascar.
1	oxenbronn was added on 1 july 1971.
1	it was samantha ramsey's 2001 white subaru.
1	he was promoted to reader in 1918.
1	pitcairn married elizabeth daughter of william almack.
1	the selectors decided on a second race.
1	on may 11 abc officially canceled inhumans.
1	it is a tributary to big creek.
1	newport civil service were founded in 1963.
1	the episode was met with mixed reviews.
1	this allowed him to make rulings quickly.
1	it is used mostly for association football.
1	we all live in the same world.
1	brockman fired four rounds through the windshield.
1	his paternal family is of arab descent.
1	the 1997 session began on january 13.
1	the wall of the church of sv.
1	northwest passage (1958 tv series) as pvt.
1	chionodoxa a proposal adopted by other workers.
1	the minaret is a local architectural monument.
1	shortly before sundown the crowd finds bob.
1	program at cornell university established in 1987.
1	the weavers recorded the song in 1951.
1	the japanese release followed ten days later.
1	it was described by zeller in 1877.
1	he was credited with five aerial victories.
1	the eyes are reduced to black spots.
1	he was arrested more than 30 times.
1	as of 2016 kitsilano has 43,045 people.
1	on april 15 1945 bergen-belsen was liberated.
1	in april 2000 american mobile satellite corp.
1	founded in 1887 in palmyra new york.
1	in 1991 lon levin joined the company.
1	it was released on 10 november 2014.
1	it is interesting to note that chas.
1	feeling unwanted ramona decides to run away.
1	infrastructure in dili continues to be developed.
1	redemptions were systematically being offered and collected.
1	dermot hannafin (snr) 84 irish football player.
1	the gang eggs cameron and his friends.
1	they received an invitation to the collegeinsider.
1	darejan's relations with knorring were particularly tense.
1	tech he was the editor of drinkhacker.
1	his trial began on 10 march 2014.
1	pam abdy chairperson and ceo warner bros.
1	archaeologists excavated the scene in the 1930s.
1	somos polvo de estrellas editorial planeta 2017.
1	he has four children and seven grandchildren.
1	parsi began volunteering for underground gay organizations.
1	william fletcher residence  118 east oliver street.
1	it was described by chaudoir in 1850.
1	com to the audience after he sang.
1	loader was born on 24 september 1953.
1	non-hispanic white comprised 37.9% of the population.
1	the village has a population of 90.
1	also cathay pacific will receive a hk$7.
1	oskava is named after the oskava river.
1	the music video premiered in late 1994.
1	british guiana played trinidad in january 1869.
1	casting was announced on 21 october 2021.
1	auburn and built a three-story brick hospital.
1	they were announced on 12 june 1982.
1	no municipalities are located in pebble township.
1	charleigh is slightly weirder than her friends.
1	waimea bay is located along kamehameha highway.
1	king was born in hornchurch essex england.
1	his preferred position is fly-half or fullback.
1	they then put the city under siege.
1	bob jenkins and rick benjamin speed journalists.
1	nova sports also features extensive tennis coverage.
1	bethel christian school is located in ruston.
1	nevins was born in new york city.
1	later fazer keksit was sold to danone.
1	sjsu's doctoral degree offerings include a ph.
1	craigie is a northern suburb of perth.
1	unseeded jonas svensson won the singles title.
1	she was born to a brahmin family.
1	social themes and sports strategy were updated.
1	donald victor newbold chairman foster wheeler ltd.
1	she reveals to have killed her ex-husband.
1	roy booth 91 english cricketer (yorkshire worcestershire).
1	pawishiana (pauixiana) is an extinct cariban language.
1	there are eight vegetables in v8 juice.
1	he was given the number 20 shirt.
1	his brother antonio was also a painter.
1	the sioux in the village were enraged.
1	nearly 200,000 patrons visit the centre annually.
1	these boats comprised mine-laying and mine-sweeping types.
1	he is an advisor in share market.
1	the total budget was 12.38 million euro.
1	lada is also a polish czech surname.
1	it dates at least to the chalcolithic.
1	it is part of the pakuranga electorate.
1	the highway is known as main street.
1	he received his diploma in may 1935.
1	after that vanessa became the 1st finalist.
1	some exchanges also provide access to medicaid.
1	vue du caire et mosque sultan hussan.
1	hezbollah denounced and protested against the resolution.
1	i think marc is fairly peerless now.
1	he left the series after their separation.
1	terriss is buried in brompton cemetery london.
1	he also designed medals medallions and lithographs.
1	stefan departs and is not seen again.
1	cavedon was born on 17 december 1930.
1	some local grounds belonged to this church.
1	it is associated with the compact-open topology.
1	the narmada river flows in seven strains.
1	it is found in panama and colombia.
1	studies at american university established in 2010.
1	apple juice is often concentrated and frozen.
1	no option for temporary highlighting of files.
1	nicanor escaped with only a few men.
1	it was finally released on 10 may.
1	larry winborg (born 1942) is an illustrator.
1	the pilots have appeared in four collegeinsider.
1	hanover 1845 and bibliotheca rerum germanicarum ib.
1	joram rozov was born in hadera israel.
1	the porch is possibly a later construction.
1	i was already a mac miller fan.
1	tito madi 89 brazilian singer and composer.
1	they eat crabs shrimps and small fish.
1	it was described by breuning in 1939.
1	jack certainly shouldn't take her for granted.
1	apples can be canned dried or frozen.
1	in 1974 minard was named professor emeritus.
1	locations of the engravings are less prominent.
1	it is a tree endemic to sumatra.
1	all music is composed by brian tyler.
1	some critics however did offer positive reviews.
1	antiochus founded the cult of his father.
1	urho kekkonen 1976-1981 helsinki: otava publishing ltd.
1	prostitution is punishable by prison and flogging.
1	she joined the labour party in 1974.
1	it was described by warren in 1915.
1	during that time a shot was fired.
1	all pedestrian prohibitions were repealed by 2003.
1	old vienna is now a canadian-produced beer.
1	roman aqueduct also called roman arches site.
1	tpms are of relevance in natural science.
1	it flows into the nidda near schotten.
1	liron basis is a former israeli footballer.
1	sangama is the sanskrit word for confluence.
1	with vienna state philharmonia under rudolf moralt.
1	he also had problems with his family.
1	the album was produced by chris stevens.
1	his work often had a comedic bent.
1	they are charged using a usb port.
1	they had one son and three daughters.
1	akhet-khufu is the pyramid of king khufu.
1	hastings was a town district in 1884.
1	the town is mostly populated by yazidis.
1	lysimachus' old officer philetairos ruled pergamon independently.
1	he knows laughter is the best medicine.
1	the river flows in the southern direction.
1	in 1829-1830 their congregation built this church.
1	parsons returned to dahlgren in march 1943.
1	he graduated with a bfa in 1984.
1	the mascot's name is tony the tiger.
1	thomas wrigley county commandant buckinghamshire special constabulary.
1	he represented his country at under-19 level.
1	the location of these works is unknown.
1	yates andrew j. and richard l. stroup.
1	guideworks is now wholly owned by comcast.
1	the vox boxes were all three-record sets.
1	police constable william benjamin burroughs metropolitan police.
1	both men and women wear shalwar qameez.
1	the italian job (2003) eidos interactive inc.
1	everything has been going like that lately.
1	the sword also refers to death sentences.
1	the station is supported by marambio airport.
1	it is considered a moderate explosion hazard.
1	reports of misleading conduct continued in 2015.
1	wan married julia y.s. chang in 1960.
1	it flows into the prims near lebach.
1	following this a great feast was held.
1	roos v stone (1894) 7 hcg 95.
1	fullback francis pope was the team's captain.
1	inoculation with rhizobia tends to increase yield.
1	the exhibit ended on 22 april 2012.
1	the video starred the actress holly lynch.
1	this reduces the risk of inadvertent dispersal.
1	babylon was defended in an unusual way.
1	they were related within the prohibited degree.
1	in 1951-52 fas won their first title.
1	in ommatospila both signum types occur together.
1	shah faesal was 19 at the time.
1	member of the national academy of sciences.
1	in october 2020 tyler rejoined hungerford town.
1	collate and disseminate comprehensive information on buffalo.
1	the following is a list of archdruids.
1	dion recorded this song also in english.
1	he died in columbus ohio in 1955.
1	it has since risen to number 21.
1	it was formerly a synonym of chalcolampra.
1	hannah died of polio in april 1935.
1	wim ernes 58 dutch national equestrian coach.
1	the seychelles exports to russia totalled us$1.
1	gavin frost was a british-born aerospace engineer.
1	maclean was later reinstated as a priest.
1	he was released on september 28 2018.
1	these buildings are known as stora sam.
1	canada experienced extreme cold during that summer.
1	the zammarini is a tribe of cicadas.
1	a total of 98 delegates were elected.
1	he was soon reunited with his family.
1	in his list linnaeus included two penguins.
1	al caiola 96 american guitarist and composer.
1	the game was published by mumbo jumbo.
1	dioscoro umali became upca dean in 1959.
1	it was director by naga and ramji.
1	he is the founder of annex media.
1	the episodes are 217 220 228 237.
1	it is currently in its beta test.
1	they distributed the album on burned cds.
1	the current tribal administration is as follows.
1	kartik aaryan makes gym appearance on scanner.
1	it is very closely granosely latticed throughout.
1	the project took two years to complete.
1	shaima zubeir is an iraqi television presenter.
1	o'connor said i think ste's feeling protective.
1	the video features several frames of b.o.
1	the swift remains a controversial deer caliber.
1	grise joined the band tamarak in 1997.
1	dongchu who fled to taiwan at 1949.
1	she is the author of fifteen books.
1	later muslim historians also mention this incident.
1	hamme roberta c. and steven r. emerson.
1	darryl walker has been mayor since 2018.
1	it was later known as shadd academy.
1	they are usually respectively pronounced and instead.
1	ultimately though they were dubbed by others.
1	low-light was born in crosby north dakota.
1	hiragana and katakana are both kana systems.
1	a tunnel (waterhouses boodle or dark tunnel).
1	idiroko is located in ipokia local government.
1	the school expanded throughout the 20th century.
1	in mid-2001 brian perry was shot dead.
1	irene hardy clark is a navajo weaver.
1	no legal definition of the term exists.
1	floor stands are often tripods and telescoping.
1	the family is bitterly disappointed in sum.
1	it soon escalated to usage of cocaine.
1	in synchronized transmissions synchromesh solves this problem.
1	the results of the january strike varied.
1	started lkg and ukg in government schools.
1	dce traded soybeans and corn back then.
1	the airport received 8,317,168 passengers in 2015.
1	the tour visited the americas and europe.
1	zebli holds both ivorian and italian citizenship.
1	passengers were also carried along its length.
1	the mercury shot 10-for-24 from 3-point range.
1	klyce studied at the university of arkansas.
1	indo-european languages probably spread through language shifts.
1	her cousin is actress wan wei qiao.
1	for services to physical fitness in kent.
1	fullerton was born in riverview new brunswick.
1	martha becomes braver bolstered by ivy's encouragement.
1	he is the current manager of abc.
1	for services to children with special needs.
1	pandya was later assassinated by unidentified men.
1	he walked three and struck out eight.
1	in august 2018 both lawsuits were dropped.
1	his first record was issued in 1956.
1	its meteors were allocated to other squadrons.
1	the capital of the county is faruj.
1	causes of central cyanosis are discussed below.
1	the potchefstroom koekoek chicken was developed there.
1	they returned home pillaged stupefied and overthrown.
1	cabiao is politically subdivided into 23 barangays.
1	i think it was a great series.
1	oh sugarland it's been six whole years.
1	top-level for a piece by an amateur.
1	wunderlich creates fairytale-esque creatures out of clay.
1	fourth-seeded boris becker won the singles title.
1	executive power is exercised by the president.
1	uturoa is rich in flora and fauna.
1	credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
1	he was hosting the season navvadhu no.1.
1	useful for playing guitar literature and transcriptions.
1	however the united states vetoed the motion.
1	shaw was born in south melbourne victoria.
1	the white rock pier is located nearby.
1	hod o'brien 80 american jazz pianist cancer.
1	the site is a scheduled historical monument.
1	phd astrophysics university of manchester england 1977.
1	look listen read translated by b. singer.
1	bender is a native of wilkes-barre pennsylvania.
1	major threats are habitat fragmentation and destruction.
1	she is the eldest of three sisters.
1	braconines are small to medium sized wasps.
1	an annual yearbook is published as well.
1	he died that evening in the hospital.
1	the accreditation has to be prolonged yearly.
1	hemodialysis is being done here since 2004.
1	the young couple are expecting a child.
1	he was also constituency labour party chairman.
1	mkenyela rashidi detective sergeant tanganyika police force.
1	illegal hunting threatens ibex and chukar populations.
1	superintendent stanley george woodeson norfolk county constabulary.
1	wallace has not directed another feature since.
1	versailles palace of versailles and grand trianon.
1	she received her d. habilitatus and d.phil.
1	it is equipped with 10 rasp bars.
1	nevertheless uthman and ruqayya re-settled in mecca.
1	cortes has a land area of 13,509.
1	gerdzhikov is married and has one child.
1	many district shops even sell crab-related merchandise.
1	literacy in india in 2011 was 74.04%.
1	the 11th-century markers are inscribed in irish.
1	ryde finished in 15th 17th and 18th.
1	the film was shot mainly in minneapolis.
1	hazel elva goss constable north wales police.
1	the rector is the revd michelle edmonds.
1	she married edwin b. newman in 1935.
1	since 2018 bellator hosts divisional grand-prix tournaments.
1	gay died in 1970 at age 61.
1	however this rearrangement pathway has limited utility.
1	it now houses the adam mickiewicz institute.
1	the centre was situated over 2 floors.
1	coolbaugh escorted suwanee to safety at manus.
1	numbers in parenthesis denote appearances as substitute.
1	dickson president mr. james carlaw vice-presidents messrs.
1	she also wrote novels and children's books.
1	the current president is prof. nicholas rawlinson.
1	he was given the number 15 shirt.
1	versailles palace of versailles and grand trianon.
1	versailles palace of versailles and grand trianon.
1	moses kwasi agyeman was a ghanaian diplomat.
1	in 1984 he completed his secondary education.
1	of the 10 wards 5 were uncontested.
1	the black-figure style ended about 480 bc.
1	it was renamed dover hundred in 1823.
1	she is married to photographer nobby clark.
1	unless you simply hate mysteries buy it!
1	ebonics remained a little-known term until 1996.
1	in some cases charters have been revoked.
1	kjerringfossen is part of gautefallelva (gautefall river).
1	i will finally knock you down dad!
1	ray is portrayed by actor david marciano.
1	he was released on august 24 2014.
1	petersen a maid and two male servants.
1	this debate has not yet been solved.
1	pillsbury merged with general mills in 2001.
1	randy starkman 51 canadian sports journalist pneumonia.
1	most of the tunes are eighth-note polskas.
1	not all communist states sided with ethiopia.
1	god's tender mercy twenty-third publications: mystic ct.
1	hoverflies can remain nearly motionless in flight.
1	the liturgical year thomas nelson: nashville tn.
1	since 1991 it has housed the hoffmann-von-fallersleben-museum.
1	the village has a population of 160.
1	raymond aubrac 97 french wwii resistance fighter.
1	the tournament featured three rounds of play.
1	carol adams 94 american actress and dancer.
1	it had a graveyard surrounding the church.
1	on 14 march she returned to sea.
1	he served alongside democratic-npl representative eliot glassheim.
1	kathleen ross dietitian royal aberdeen children's hospital.
1	j. b. gemmell r. e. menzies (southern).
1	he died at rome in august 1894.
1	weltgeschichte von der urzeit bis zur gegenwart.
1	in sicilia leontes is still in mourning.
1	walker faced no primary challenger in 2018.
1	the french rocket program began in 1961.
1	it stars colm feore and rip torn.
1	housing in paris was old and run-down.
1	he was released on october 18 2022.
1	electron-phonon interaction in metals (with j. bardeen).
1	you are thought and i am sound.
1	houston conwill 69 american sculptor prostate cancer.
1	warrant officer william james joseph banks (a3722).
1	princess louise was a deaf-mute from birth.
1	in november 1966 the engine production began.
1	quarterback rusty smith entered his senior season.
1	lompoc was assigned the 50-series of numbers.
1	katherine hoover 80 american composer and flutist.
1	it has also been recorded from turkey.
1	the moho beneath bazman is approximately deep.
1	diamond's was converted to dillard's in 1984.
1	barbara luna also appears in the episode.
1	they obtained around 3% of the vote.
1	out of with the vienna clarinet connection.
1	caney lake jackson parish la img 5799.
1	the labor party was defending three seats.
1	the tower will also host hotel intercontinental.
1	he scored before fulltime with donald converting.
1	it is unknown whether it handles encryption.
1	occasionally even twelve thousand monks congregated there.
1	sir john quinton 82 british banker (barclays).
1	neal ford died on may 17 2021.
1	cutolo had strong ties with the 'ndrangheta.
1	a tilting trike attachment is in development.
1	saskia was then paired with hannah mills.
1	rodgers grant 76 american jazz pianist cancer.
1	in 1937 the kilner company went bankrupt.
1	a total of 28 episodes were aired.
1	two dogs and a parrot bluebridge (2015).
1	thailand buys the majority of myanmar's gems.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	it is a residential suburb of pittsburgh.
1	the relations between them are not unclear.
1	however alycia rudely blows their advice off.
1	advisory committee for programme and institutional evaluation.
1	christa harmotto olympic volleyball player born here.
1	here he graduated in 1881 in mathematics.
1	of the 4,418 households 6.5% are overcrowded.
1	spindle-shaped head acutely pointed dorsum much arched.
1	walter leake was descended from john leake.
1	su-ho and su-eun stand near a lighthouse.
1	automobile competition was also a large factor.
1	black friday severed press february 10 2017.
1	isoamyl acetate is used for banana flavoring.
1	william alfred hoare government printer british honduras.
1	maccabi tirat hacarmel remained in liga bet.
1	each winner receives an honorarium of $1000.
1	the lectures led social events each season.
1	over 700 species of eucalyptus are known.
1	she is very popular among tamils worldwide.
1	he eventually made the move in 1982.
1	these shows are hosted by donna sachet.
1	the museum was closed prior to 1995.
1	the company also operates cobalt and zinc.
1	years passed and he became an undertaker.
1	photodissociation is not limited to visible light.
1	for services to oxfam in marlow buckinghamshire.
1	infiltration to recharge subsurface storage increases baseflow.
1	earthquake-resistant-strength anti-seismic reinforcement was completed in 2006.
1	in 1984 interior renovation work was done.
1	both mines were formerly held by freeport-mcmoran.
1	j grogan workplace law 10 ed (2012).
1	tangsteel group is headquartered in lubei district.
1	it is monotypic within the genus sipodotus.
1	the mixed czech-romanian commission was never formed.
1	this however has slowly declined in popularity.
1	jos romersa 101 luxembourgian olympic gymnast (1936).
1	issoufou is a surname and given name.
1	march 1984: is psychology a unified science?
1	jack fairhurst district commissioner luwingu northern rhodesia.
1	the publisher appealed to the supreme court.
1	it is a registered tangible cultural heritage.
1	alberto venancio filho is a brazilian lawyer.
1	the music is composed by susarla dakshinamurthi.
1	d (1970) from the university of michigan.
1	for 2013 the prize purse was $325,000.
1	the population was 4 as of 2010.
1	credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
1	the show usually consists of four rounds.
1	simon edens deputy chief constable leicestershire constabulary.
1	the 185th district is represented by rep.
1	genlis the knights of the swan tr.
1	kim signed for tokushima in january 2011.
1	she was decommissioned on 15 december 2021.
1	data are increasingly available from prospective studies.
1	st. helens never married nor had children.
1	he played for the new york giants.
1	may the cows yield us honey-sweet milk.
1	but only god can make a trio.
1	in 1920 she retired and left ludlow.
1	he was guilty of striking niall cahalane.
1	this causes an increase in heart rate.
1	the coat of arms was painted over.
1	organized 1 june 1917 at douglas arizona.
1	this resulted in the pbl being disbanded.
1	the falcons cut him following the season.
1	where mentioned the plot drew mixed responses.
1	it was inactivated on 6 february 1952.
1	the faces were generalized rather than portraits.
1	the rna society was founded in 1993.
1	lacaille named two neighbouring stars eta pictoris.
1	getty images bought the company in 2000.
1	according to sana al-hasan was from homs.
1	this time he had come in war.
1	romance bitonal for violin and piano op.
1	it is found on the marquesas archipelago.
1	sadler built the rice hotel in 1901.
1	for services to sport in northern ireland.
1	may the earth be honey-sweet for us.
1	freleng directed tweety and the beanstalk (1957).
1	grand cordon in the order of leopold.
1	other companies present at ciar include babcock.
1	radcliffe's parents had both acted as children.
1	on the july 8 episode of impact!
1	the main sail attaches to a boom.
1	lady moyra browne 98 british nursing administrator.
1	there are three much modified railway stations.
1	she is also a trained bharatanatyam dancer.
1	munshi premchand ki adapted from premchand's stories.
1	it was nominated for two image awards.
1	silver service with stops at all stations.
1	approved by the fda in march 2017.
1	literacy in india in 2011 was 74.04%.
1	netflix is yet to respond on this.
1	several morphological differences distinguish them from vespula.
1	elliott died shortly after becoming a partner.
1	it was described by thomson in 1868.
1	this appears not to have been done.
1	stromatinia cepivora is a soil borne fungus.
1	he made his mlb debut in 2022.
1	he graduated from the university of lausanne.
1	it is affiliated to university of mumbai.
1	in april 2015 further arrests were made.
1	according to shields it was productive time.
1	he joined the labor party in 1929.
1	in 1873 the first storey was completed.
1	entwicklung der geburtshilfe und gynakologie im 19.
1	it is twenty-six miles west of aniak.
1	he moved to the u.s. in 1984.
1	c. tzotzilorum is terrestrial and moderately stout.
1	all movements are written in rounded-binary form.
1	he co-founded the help for brazil mission.
1	the larvae feed on vicia and lathyrus.
1	at idle the chain should not move.
1	this species has been reported from brandenburg.
1	after curing the formwork is then removed.
1	expedition from camp babbitt to keysville california.
1	he graduated from the university of tokyo.
1	dos 610 series sheet w 64 60.
1	he is currently signed to 300 entertainment.
1	hast thou forgot the hour we met?
1	and now they ate anything at all.
1	he was capped two times for norway.
1	his writings on islam have been controversial.
1	brandon bay 34 is a software developer.
1	she will be seeking a full term.
1	greenlaw raymond james hoover and walter ruzzo.
1	he died at dunfermline 11 june 1842.
1	the governor also attended the church's dedication.
1	the resultant central savings of about rs.
1	kumarapala was tribhuvanapala's son and succeeded jayasimha.
1	this species is endemic to new zealand.
1	theresa m. glomb is an american academic.
1	she is the daughter of jyoti subhash.
1	haines has a number of cultural offerings.
1	leonard has assisted in solving many cases.
1	stevenson lived in the neighbourhood of london.
1	the crowd erupts to celebrate david's victory.
1	events from the year 1587 in india.
1	it was released on 5 july 2010.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	economically this will be a large burden.
1	the team is based in xi'an shaanxi.
1	scheduled freight services were discontinued from 1980.
1	she praised its well-built construction and durability.
1	phoenico-persian quarter is located in beirut lebanon.
1	inkulab 72 indian poet and political activist.
1	next konosuke takeshita faced off against cima.
1	an unhealthy weight can further complicate mobility.
1	two weeks later he again played excellently.
1	the brigade served on the western front.
1	maria paseka of russia won the bronze.
1	the population was 1 as of 2002.
1	francis died at godmanchester in may 1866.
1	in 1995 she married jeffrey lee silverman.
1	events in the year 2021 in botswana.
1	it was reopened and dedicated in 1972.
1	othman moqbel is a british non-profit executive.
1	caroliner's album covers are assembled by hand.
1	the show was broadcast in spring 2020.
1	as it bonds with them it evolves.
1	wetlands can occur in three different regions.
1	doubt and uncertainty linger with sexual obsessions.
1	eastern time on monday through friday nights.
1	it is located in the constellation tucana.
1	many divisions also include sections for sub-specialties.
1	when she read this she believed it.
1	so are hard winters and hardworking summers.
1	spanish translation in j.elster (ed.) democracia deliberativa.
1	the black nudibranch feeds on tree-like bryozoans.
1	she hosted a sab tv show wah!
1	custom built for iommi by bc rich.
1	montiel is a surname of spanish origin.
1	the community area is forested to 85%.
1	a minimum blood quantum is not required.
1	the underpass was completed in january 1936.
1	the text is divided in two sections.
1	other major works followed in rapid succession.
1	ballas and jean first met in 2012.
1	he was the owner of morgan studios.
1	his father harvey fleetwood was a banker.
1	its usage is culturally and traditionally meaningful.
1	le roy is located at (40.347168 88.762293).
1	greater than previously opportunity fight against stealth.
1	the population was 104 as of 2013.
1	soon afterwards world war i breaks out.
1	its original selling price was 115 rubles.
1	we know where the fuck we at!
1	he also practices corporate law in detroit.
1	it was released on march 25 2022.
1	pitcher published his first book in 1964.
1	nimesulide is absorbed rapidly following oral administration.
1	c18orf63 is a mildly slow evolving protein.
1	in 2021 bernath started his professional career.
1	alitame is one such second-generation dipeptide sweetener.
1	the main source of income is tourism.
1	it was described in 1963 by ermisch.
1	it is found in arizona (chiricahua mountains).
1	water supply is ensured in all villages.
1	upon retiring burns joined middlesbrough's coaching staff.
1	brown's views slightly shifted in the eighties.
1	he was a friend of rabindranath tagore.
1	the ega currently comprises 49 member federations.
1	you may smile but it will come.
1	tennessee ridge uses the area code 931.
1	latvian air force operated four ex-soviet aircraft.
1	the maritime provinces' main industry is fishing.
1	in its prime there were formal gardens.
1	the missile hit the ground around 1:00a.
1	charlie initially leaves but quickly becomes suspicious.
1	uefa has scheduled the competition as follows.
1	the probability of hitting the target 0,72-0,99.
1	the interior follows a center hall plan.
1	he saw little playing time for torino.
1	md 272 has three former auxiliary routes.
1	philippa is still complaining about francisco's absence.
1	besides that it is a balance hold.
1	his paternal grandfather was lieutenant-general samuel need.
1	he currently teaches at the new school.
1	this genus is endemic to new zealand.
1	the characteristics of ftd vary amongst disorders.
1	he studied at the university of prishtina.
1	big announcement will come at any time!
1	weyman was signed by the canberra raiders.
1	stefania biegun 81 polish olympic cross-country skier.
1	the romanization of hispania took several centuries.
1	he was married and had two children.
1	she has also done some dubbing jobs.
1	why do you think they did that?
1	golfers play at the hawkesdale golf course.
1	it became extremely popular in south korea.
1	his comitatus thus numbered some 17,000 men.
1	the sunrise we have not heard 2012.
1	special forces unit and capture priceless documents.
1	both editions were released on compact disc.
1	the series aired on abs-cbn until 2006.
1	the escape stream is not necessarily poissonian.
1	the first series began publication in 1877.
1	restoration was carried out during the 1950s.
1	plays and concerts were regular term events.
1	he retreats after being defeated by krystala.
1	on february 24 2008 polls showed sen.
1	if only he was wearing his shants!
1	he won the fight by unanimous decision.
1	the series has generally received critical praise.
1	the episode aired on 24 december 2016.
1	karsten kobbernagel is a danish lightweight rower.
1	some people raise cattle goats and poultry.
1	his first band was formed on 1972.
1	chisels are common in the archeological record.
1	a gouge typically has a 'u'-shaped cross-section.
1	she formed the band pixel in 2010.
1	they are classified under ec number 2.4.1.
1	the population consists of muslims and non-muslims.
1	it was described by breuning in 1961.
1	the two band members met through mp3.
1	kaufman and price compiled the soundtrack themselves.
1	he played college football at temple university.
1	matthews was born in new york city.
1	in 1940 the sindicato vertical was created.
1	rapid speech without pauses difficult to interrupt.
1	directed by alex matthews and caitlin sullivan.
1	this was applied to the anglican church.
1	they have good fish and chips there.
1	annie was a daughter of john hart.
1	it grows in wetlands and rice fields.
1	it elects one member via first-past-the-post voting.
1	this one was dated 17 december 1804.
1	for example transportation becomes a major issue.
1	the awards were presented by ronald reagan.
1	the italian government did not respond yet.
1	louis however later welcomed belmas with kindness.
1	la fonteta was originally built in 1983.
1	keratin 4 is a type ii cytokeratin.
1	the first nucleotide sequence database was created.
1	it was released on 8 june 2012.
1	prolonged draining is thought to promote healing.
1	both families were passionate in their beliefs.
1	the movement ends with a bold passage.
1	the rate of recurrence was low (2.8%).
1	fractal character of the cochlear-nerve-fiber spike train.
1	he was buried near his father jehoiada.
1	sergei lemeshko 44 russian footballer (zarya leninsk-kuznetsky).
1	the administrative center of gishe is rabel.
1	further south halsted street passes into englewood.
1	a total of 4,834' votes were rejected.
1	the film has musical score by johnson.
1	m. monbaron j. dejax and g. demathieu.
1	in 1993 he became founding chairman emeritus.
1	rice and maize are the main crops.
1	the population was 11 as of 2002.
1	in 2015 yu signed for shenzhen renren.
1	the colonists return to jamestown that evening.
1	vice president walter mondale was also renominated.
1	it elects twelve members of the sejm.
1	in addition to the news service ampparit.
1	he broke his leg in october 1993.
1	at that time trees moved and talked.
1	the crows then get away by running.
1	philosophiae et medicinae utriusque compendium basel 1568.
1	many of these are zionist youth movements.
1	this photograph figures afro-surrealism as bluesy kinky-spooky.
1	it operated the same plant in alexandria.
1	they are herbaceous plants or small shrubs.
1	misbehavior by the horse due to discomfort.
1	the store closed on december 15 2019.
1	he resigned as a selector in 2013.
1	her mother died of cancer in 1989.
1	all became honorary founders of the saec.
1	mount vernon is located at (43.712155 98.261264).
1	stanley becomes jealous and argues with christine.
1	birkett's political career took off in 1923.
1	males of the species are completely black.
1	she composed several songs and piano compositions.
1	it occupies an area of 7 hectares.
1	encodes three bytes into four base64 digits.
1	in september 1926 their engagement was announced.
1	the majority of its consumers are non-athletes.
1	this species is endemic to norfolk island.
1	all grant-awarding institutes and centers award r01s.
1	von den krankheiten so die vernunfft berauben.
1	for services to education and the community.
1	the theological faculty was founded in 1728.
1	s.h.s.m. program which extends into grade 12.
1	it is one of several nylon polymers.
1	hamilton said afterwards it was rubbish seriously.
1	nikolai dmitriev-orenburgsky the fire in the village.
1	at his suggestion the cardinal baptized them.
1	chevrolet didn't become a division until 1918.
1	the company commissioned the window in 1664.
1	he also saved kumarapala from jayasimha's spies.
1	the book has been updated and expanded.
1	elaine is assigned to ghostwrite peterman's autobiography.
1	yale university press new haven ct (1963).
1	amherst ma university of massachusetts press 1994.
1	the play is consist of three part.
1	the line opened on 26 september 1825.
1	blue dream is an akinori nakagawa's musical.
1	la crim television film by denis amar.
1	he wants to run on his own.
1	cloud formation in stable air is unlikely.
1	costs rise as more inputs are added.
1	the tunnel is a national historic landmark.
1	all seven semi-finalists performed famous worldwide hits.
1	they brought a new influence into louisiana.
1	instead these often have an antipassive voice.
1	marcus reed was voiced by avery waddell.
1	route also links stirling to carey gully.
1	this game was rescheduled to january 22.
1	in 1999 beans founded rising medical solutions.
1	v4l1 support was dropped in kernel 2.6.38.
1	the european route e85 crosses the city.
1	an iphone application eat this not that!
1	it was described by lameere in 1893.
1	the book has consistently received good reviews.
1	my work has therefore been my pilgrimage.
1	thirukottaram was one of the sites visited.
1	the trail runs right through the park.
1	in september 1919 minnie sued for divorce.
1	she was made a lecturer in 2015.
1	thodosa was a town of ancient caria.
1	it had a capital of 1,000,000 francs.
1	the album was released digitally via 7digital.
1	in 1541 he joined the english army.
1	she was commissioned on 12 january 2020.
1	let v be an inner product space.
1	it stars paul winfield as gordon hudson.
1	he died in ostia rome aged 76.
1	the meaning of christmas varian mace art.
1	alnwick v morpeth  bret fuel silver horse.
1	nagasawa station opened on november 1 1915.
1	montrose declines and rosalind ends their engagement.
1	sailauf is among the vorspessart's oldest settlements.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	therese izay-kirongozi is a congolese industrial engineer.
1	neonesthes is a genus of barbeled dragonfish.
1	louis virtel writing for the website newnownext.
1	tan was born in singapore in 1964.
1	jason maguire (ballabriggs 1st): he loved it.
1	in malaysia tamil channel on astro vaanavil.
1	in early 1901 he traveled to egypt.
1	in 1960 he came to the netherlands.
1	however it conflicts with how true zazu?
1	such complexity is very unusual for malware.
1	captain (quartermaster) ewan lawrie (505022) scots guards.
1	under nero pliny lived mainly in rome.
1	series 16 began on 24 march 2021.
1	d. candidate at the university of pennsylvania.
1	seven-time national champion at individual senior level.
1	it is now within east end houston.
1	the extension cost $8.9 million to build.
1	the walls are faced with white marble.
1	eldest hand leads to the first trick.
1	around 1967 he rejoined the kilima hawaiians.
1	he was also stripped of his passport.
1	adriaan meerkamp van embden solved the puzzle.
1	higher productivity leads to smaller sieve beds.
1	the regiment also had its own zurawiejka.
1	the team folded after the 2020 season.
1	the technology of bottle fermentation is mandatory.
1	forde had an excellent year in 2004.
1	they won their fourth big east tournament.
1	he was a hard-working and much-loved doctor.
1	mcilrath's vocals were praised by several critics.
1	around 1254 carniola lost its marcher privileges.
1	betty was born elizabeth hofstadt in 1932.
1	in 1920 the fairmont council was founded.
1	some aic faculty left academia or retired.
1	the spin-off focuses on shin-chan's dog shiro.
1	it is called cjtag for compact jtag.
1	he began farming about northwest of napa.
1	villa bellini catania sicily 31 july 2012.
1	the political economy of scotland: red scotland?
1	kit stewart died on july 2 2001.
1	cruz was born in calgary alberta canada.
1	do that and you won't get lost.
1	the rank is rated of-9 within nato.
1	it is headquartered in susong-dong jongno-gu seoul.
1	the club reopened on october 15 2001.
1	chisnall died aged 64 in st helens.
1	misterrogers is an assumed stony s-type asteroid.
1	upendranath bhattacharya is an indian bengali writer.
1	benson's first marriage was to charles ashley.
1	he was born at east grinstead sussex.
1	it is included in the subgenus euempis.
1	text by jeffrey fraenkel and frish brandt.
1	the company has since relocated to bradford.
1	in 1911 eventually regained its administrative independence.
1	pavement ran for 13 very busy years.
1	bull died in january 1931 aged 67.
1	it is not approved for systemic therapy.
1	martin and his wife divorced in 2017.
1	it was the earliest encyclopedia to survive.
1	it is a subsidiary of fosun international.
1	stokes left the mountain three-and-a-half stone lighter.
1	their radula contains a well-developed rachidian tooth.
1	the weakness is its lack of validity.
1	all groups are accompanied by licensed guides.
1	the deluxe edition was discontinued in 2020.
1	it is located in kashihara nara japan.
1	it is citrate catalase and oxidase positive.
1	pierre is also found as a surname.
1	government and internet companies can enforce safesearch.
1	in august 2012 netcycler acquired boston-based swap.
1	she is married to actor patrick wilson.
1	both schools introduced coeducation independently in 1969.
1	for political and public services in hendon.
1	it is also used to make guitars.
1	its ruler was a king named birabahu.
1	she and her family live in evanston.
1	hydrogenation of diacetone alcohol gives hexylene glycol.
1	he was arrested again in november 2017.
1	a species of nyctophilus of intermediate size.
1	the school district has approximately 1,800 students.
1	super stardust is a sequel to stardust.
1	he mainly served as coach until 2002.
1	nhs professionals employs approximately 1,000 corporate staff.
1	some recognise it while others do not.
1	the present director of tbrl is shri.
1	river gardens developed in the late 1940s.
1	all earlier models could also be re-engined.
1	it operated passenger charter services throughout europe.
1	they can then be selected and read.
1	thracian dance is generally skippy and light.
1	gustavus was born about 1685 in ireland.
1	the insurgents were entrenched on mount cassel.
1	gatherings were held there including horse races.
1	cmde nan sarathsena rsp msc (ds) mgmt.
1	a. m. dotlibov a. v. talisman yu.
1	the aircraft are most likely american warplanes.
1	the church's wafer box is from 1860.
1	kay later began competing against male wrestlers.
1	the score contains numerous fold-outs and collages.
1	nicola perusco was born in rome italy.
1	it elects one member via first-past-the-post voting.
1	also local glass-craft workshops in the ebeltoft-area.
1	in january 2019 he moved to limoges.
1	elementary students are bused to nearby carsonville.
1	pliny bequeathed the extracts to his nephew.
1	natural resources often occur in distinct regions.
1	nippon boehringer-ingelheim has a research center nearby.
1	epithelia actively pump and differentially segregate ions.
1	he served an lds mission to germany.
1	giovanni domenico rebiba bishop of ortona (1570).
1	it is found in the palearctic realm.
1	mclaren's father george was also a footballer.
1	tyr reassures danielle she fought well regardless.
1	he was sworn in on march 17.
1	urdu is the most commonly spoken language.
1	her shrine is located in this graveyard.
1	development threatens both land and sea species.
1	by turns thoughtful and danceable life's hard.
1	see list of michigan county name etymologies.
1	with architects d. radygin and a. batalov.
1	asymmetric mandibular movement with or without clicking.
1	sonagas itself also owns 10% of ampco.
1	the movie that might have been made.
1	it is the largest monument in catalonia.
1	taugelchee's sister was also a well-regarded weaver.
1	coalstoun lakes is queensland's smallest national park.
1	on august 7 2014 he was waived.
1	the population was 95 as of 2018.
1	second unit photography began 5 november 1980.
1	alexander kelso davis was an american politician.
1	approximately 37,000 tons were produced in 1996.
1	the repairs will be done in situ.
1	it is on the strait of malacca.
1	seventy chinese were brought aboard the ouwerkerck.
1	the highways travel concurrently to duncan mills.
1	it is on the qingdao-jinan passenger railway.
1	she is married and has two daughters.
1	lineville is located on u.s. route 65.
1	he began composing while still at school.
1	he was a farmer contractor and rancher.
1	it returned in 1970 as lime village.
1	all types meet applicable requirements of mil-e-5400.
1	blair racing also left cart for irl.
1	he competed in the 2020 summer olympics.
1	this house has been refurbished in 2019.
1	ithacius then appealed to the imperial authorities.
1	each city council member is elected at-large.
1	waite moved to los angeles in 1970.
1	it was described by andrewes in 1930.
1	the champions qualified to the final phase.
1	the population was 10 as of 2002.
1	a sydney surgeon is sent to jail.
1	the lower floor could barrack thirty staff.
1	mnikelo ndabankulu lives in durban south africa.
1	aubach is a river of rhineland-palatinate germany.
1	methionine directly affects s-adenosyl methionine (sam) levels.
1	they retained mineral rights on their lands.
1	they played home games at shea stadium.
1	the champions qualified to the final phase.
1	st andrew barking road plaistow (opened 1870).
1	r-105 (later lv-baa) and r-106 (later lv-caa).
1	allied aircraft sighted them the next day.
1	the larvae probably feed on calligonum species.
1	men's 50 kilometres walk finals at 09:00.
1	the line manufactures apparel and fashion accessories.
1	kerekere was born in gisborne new zealand.
1	during later renovations further windows were added.
1	coccolithus is a genus of unicellular haptophytes.
1	it was later re-released by tairiku shobo.
1	in may 2018 richardson signed with hamar.
1	chris azoeuf alias chris toulouse: lead vocals.
1	apollon patras indoor hall opened in 1992.
1	detmer threw three touchdowns in the win.
1	moreover the articles of association of s.r.
1	the commercial centre of walton is north.
1	it was adapted for television in 1981.
1	there is also a brewery brouwerij cnudde.
1	longer intake valve which improves lower-end torque.
1	there are additional translations at the end.
1	joe rosenblatt winter of the luna moth.
1	member of the royal academy of belgium.
1	flags are also sold at the ballpark.
1	armenian-israelis are ethnic armenians with israeli citizenship.
1	a. to raise their share to 50%.
1	synonyms are parauchenipterus fisheri and trachycorystes fisheri.
1	two colored bands indicate a positive test.
1	the average price of gas was $3.53.
1	the isoelectric point of albumin is 4.7.
1	hotel rosa alpina in the dolomites italy.
1	collier manor-cresthaven is located at (26.266308 80.107815).
1	they have two children francesca and ben.
1	the guest included representatives from 60 nations.
1	abhandlungen aus dem gebiete der chirurgie 1845.
1	ron broom 91 new zealand cricketer (wellington).
1	his uncle carlos also played professional football.
1	he vows to become a super father.
1	the street is interrupted by central park.
1	in 1883 he married elizabeth f. jones.
1	trickbot takedown before the 2020 presidential election.
1	the game received positive reviews from critics.
1	the station is an important transportation hub.
1	the population was 1,190 as of 2010.
1	he has also played for the barbarians.
1	miller finished the year with 26 goals.
1	it is primarily a sexually transmitted infection.
1	lineville received water and electricity in 1917.
1	he developed cirrhosis and a staphylococcal infection.
1	innherredsferja ii was kept as a reserve.
1	ambrosio luigi fusco nicola pallara diego (2000).
1	holland primarily plays the native american flute.
1	rich conaty 62 american disc jockey lymphoma.
1	he then undertook postgraduate studies in nottingham.
1	the race started and finished in milan.
1	he was waived on august 15 2016.
1	it was released on 16 november 1999.
1	grotte di pilato built by the romans.
1	she grew up playing soccer and tennis.
1	the priory was dedicated to st. nicholas.
1	his funeral ceremony took place in moscow.
1	it is built from rusticated stone blocks.
1	he published his first book in 2002.
1	gesa kluth ilka reinhardt: living with wolves.
1	mcteigue got directing credit in two episodes.
1	stems ending in si optionally become s.
1	there are many mode markers in biloxi.
1	al-abdali's talent appeared as an accomplished striker.
1	let p be the proportion of successes.
1	after she obtained a master's and ph.
1	on december 24 2011 cfpl's 6 p.m.
1	laura won miss universe slovenskej republiky 2019.
1	the movement was not published until 1940.
1	p. lilfordi is found at low altitudes.
1	rainfall totals peaked at in the region.
1	though summoned the priscillianists refused to appear.
1	it was described by bates in 1872.
1	some 122,000 africans died in the conflict.
1	many of the floors hold research labs.
1	the current menu contains 13 food items.
1	hindwings are fuscous brown or reddish brown.
1	it was derived from the name totadri.
1	the vitamin is obtained from symbiotic bacteria.
1	mrs. virginia adams was the first librarian.
1	squish is developed and maintained by froglogic.
1	their elaborate tomb was destroyed in 1525.
1	he was the son of mas'ud shihna.
1	it spent two weeks at that position.
1	the target audience was working class women.
1	computer research and development began in 1954.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	it encompasses parts of berlin and southington.
1	a total of 3,843 votes were rejected.
1	derick burleson 53 american academic and writer.
1	this served as warning against future attacks.
1	she placed sixth at the moscow event.
1	kenya airways runs regular flights to malawi.
1	kay enjoys flying model aircraft and drones.
1	it was released on 28 july 2009.
1	the northern and southern portions are mountainous.
1	new functionals in the calculus of variations.
1	the population was 5,484 as of 2013.
1	courageous was retired from service in 1992.
1	he won by a first round submission.
1	fred gurley was the agent from 1916-1919.
1	two paddle steamers were named for fawcett.
1	hannibal renewed his efforts the following day.
1	in fiji they were captured and imprisoned.
1	for services to policing and community safety.
1	wolfe graduated from the school in 1987.
1	it is part of the bazar-korgon district.
1	neff ivan c. and carol v. maggs.
1	for services to the east lancashire hospice.
1	north buncombe high school is located nearby.
1	portrait by gerard van honthorst ca. 1640.
1	in the 19th century prostitution was common.
1	from bisexuality to intersexuality: rethinking gender categories.
1	the gels shape is curve-linear and toothed.
1	he played college basketball at western michigan.
1	evan bates began skating at age four.
1	nadra bay filly 1991 by sadler's wells.
1	the belsize buses were not entirely reliable.
1	the game was played in 15-minute quarters.
1	it was approved on november 5 2019.
1	riakporhe followed up with a sustained attack.
1	eupasserines are passerines in the clade eupasseres.
1	wig wam has released five studio albums.
1	who walks in when i walk out?
1	the first three chapters have been summarized.
1	beatty presented toback's script to warner bros.
1	he had 15 interceptions for 1 touchdown.
1	they competed at the 2010 winter olympics.
1	he has also had minor acting roles.
1	specifically her job title is soil ecologist.
1	lacrosse is not sanctioned by the khsaa.
1	he was ordained a priest in 1955.
1	eli lilly receives royalties from merck kgaa.
1	two singles were released from the album.
1	it was released on october 28 2015.
1	in march 2010 it toured in switzerland.
1	the latter covers further fighting against gods.
1	india won the fourth asia cup title.
1	durutte died in paris at age 77.
1	this instrumental release appeared on thrill jockey.
1	area of woodland and forests: 14,466 ha.
1	he also lived in poland and italy.
1	the lark's blog received the aristos award.
1	in 2003 he was deployed to iraq.
1	laurel bay is located at (32.457905 80.790501).
1	it was a subsidiary of platinum entertainment.
1	weichel lost the bout via unanimous decision.
1	yule and ruth kilcher divorced in 1969.
1	the first class consisted of 29 students.
1	sabina contains 2 parks within its boundaries.
1	mickey was re-released each year into 1921.
1	the population was 8,149 at the 2020.
1	richard carey swan director agriculture training board.
1	yommaraj nuch reached chiangmai in january 1853.
1	michael card joy in the journey 1992.
1	on january 9 2007 the pantry inc.
1	his brother henri was a famous librettist.
1	and he reprimanded me on this count.
1	he was a great experimenter with form.
1	the family was originally from rethymno crete.
1	the album nearly went platinum in canada.
1	she lives on vancouver island british columbia.
1	he was of the 34th regular course.
1	in 1994 the english program was established.
1	she is married and has three sons.
1	although this was less than the $24,000.
1	gopal krishna singhania was an indian industrialist.
1	king rama iii died in april 1851.
1	it also incorporates numerous green design features.
1	some languages also have a feminine form.
1	village has a literacy rate of 28.4%.
1	the train services are operated by trenord.
1	works and persons in sinhala literary culture.
1	pointe mouillee is translated as wet point.
1	he was educated at trinity college cambridge.
1	it could be whatever your therapy is.
1	clement's journeys were primarily a religious undertaking.
1	a finitely generated free group is compact.
1	it is found in australia including victoria.
1	there was a triple eviction this sunday.
1	the series is directed by siroos moghaddam.
1	gyula cseszneky hungarian aristocrat poet cavalry officer.
1	the case opened in the district court.
1	today adults commonly grow to in length.
1	weg und ziel was launched in 1935.
1	it is based on the ssi algorithm.
1	early on some features required proprietary software.
1	now parasuramaiah mingles with bullabbai for vengeance.
1	it was created on november 30 1988.
1	under woodward enrollment grew to 19,000 students.
1	i think she was telling the truth.
1	expo taiwan bird-eye view map part 1935.
1	in 1968 mark ashton moved to london.
1	he died at wiesbaden in september 1887.
1	shelby was born in fort atkinson wisconsin.
1	she was launched on september 3 1968.
1	it has offices in austin and dallas.
1	it is a famous religious tourist spot.
1	the population was 102 as of 2002.
1	its inventor john d. silva is aboard.
1	she spent seven years in the us.
1	ribs are also are more regularly arranged.
1	the building was air conditioned in 1948.
1	in the same year varley left lfo.
1	what can the west do about iran?
1	it is being converted into a park.
1	first hydro simulations at los alamos occurred.
1	it begins at the aschaffquelle near waldaschaff.
1	the financing will fund mixcloud's expansion globally.
1	underside as in kallima inachus protectively coloured.
1	the trend is not to use italics.
1	there is an absence of insurance markets.
1	edgar quinet is a standard configuration station.
1	it stars hal linden and ryan ochoa.
1	the story was written in nice france.
1	both wings were made of fabric-covered duralumin.
1	he was born in papakura new zealand.
1	the taliban closed the country's beauty salons.
1	many modern saws incorporate electrically heated handles.
1	amongst these was the plate glass business.
1	the population was 1,139 as of 2010.
1	now pitt has to restore prosper's status.
1	the nasalis muscle compresses the nasal cartilages.
1	mammootty speaks kasargode dialects in the movie.
1	the society formed the museum in 1958.
1	he lost the bout via unanimous decision.
1	i like 'spontaneous' as a sexual description.
1	the tornadoes continued to perform through 2007.
1	the website itself contained references to sprite.
1	the first dom was recorded in 774.
1	it was executive produced by stan rogow.
1	clancy married abina o'sullivan in september 1933.
1	the team's logotype is a winged foot.
1	it is native to the maluku islands.
1	the album sold over 2.6 million copies.
1	martinez began writing the album in 2015.
1	rates are progressive from 0% to 35%.
1	the works were concluded in december 1891.
1	an example of this is wr 104.
1	lake norden is located at (44.581570 97.208406).
1	he painted an icon of jesus christ.
1	she mostly dubbed for actress kavya madhavan.
1	the station is owned by alpha media.
1	it is now the institute's administrative building.
1	they had two children nancy and cynthia.
1	it is now a designated scheduled monument.
1	it competes in the second croatian division.
1	walking in the snow and other poems.
1	rarity was raised in dechmont west lothian.
1	blew was mayor of wrexham in 1923.
1	the album was recorded through konvict muzik.
1	it belongs to the community of aar-einrich.
1	you can't think if you're not comfortable.
1	police constable derek keith shelley metropolitan police.
1	trump said the nunes memo vindicated him.
1	his father was a manchester cotton merchant.
1	the soloist a 2009 american drama film.
1	she returned to london on 31 may2.
1	he was related to royalty throughout europe.
1	europa's gravity is approximately 13% of earth's.
1	however the shah died while in isfahan.
1	after his departure heiman was elected president.
1	sole surviving laimes renovation to be planned.
1	he won the prix alain-grandbois in 2004.
1	others are part of the mixed group.
1	hart jt communist party of great britain.
1	the airport is south of the town.
1	sitting members are shown in bold text.
1	the 2005 season started strong for tracy.
1	arp service personnel were issued with mk.
1	this need not always be the case.
1	later this would be renamed clarence rd.
1	he spoke about the subject as well.
1	it was activated on 19 april 1943.
1	it's still going to be a while.
1	his remains were later transferred to genoa.
1	mausert was buried in arlington national cemetery.
1	it was released on september 5 2005.
1	comparison of goidelic numbers including old irish.
1	it is near the kentucky state line.
1	m. sam mannan 64 bangladeshi chemical engineer.
1	the festival showcases performers from numerous genres.
1	thornton died at stockport in october 1970.
1	his father died when he was four.
1	adapted from the liner notes of phonocatheter.
1	religious fanaticism won over the decades-old friendship.
1	in 1907 title changed to aldershot corps.
1	the end of silent movies had come.
1	tymish khmelnytsky in romanian historiography and literature.
1	it is connected to the kinahan gang.
1	roberts was born in llanelli carmarthenshire wales.
1	the song's lyrics are about sex-positive attitudes.
1	they are elected by the general assembly.
1	his first poems were written in 1940.
1	similarly a uv inhibitor can be specified.
1	they have two sons and a daughter.
1	the ifbb would have none of this.
1	the church dates from the 12th century.
1	william f. ross company east cambridge mass.
1	he faced pavel zhuravlev in the semifinals.
1	noted irish lives (the talbot press 1934).
1	he is also a painter and photographer.
1	there is no station building or shelter.
1	the 4th edition is still in print.
1	she was recently named editor of dailybreak.
1	he started the 2016 season with rochester.
1	its radio programmes were founded in 1959.
1	galactus then teleports away drax and moondragon.
1	beasley broadcasting purchased both stations in 1999.
1	dumfries has experienced two boxing day earthquakes.
1	another divan he wrote was divan-e marathi.
1	truth (sat) itself is the teacher (guru).
1	it is more than 3500 metres long.
1	its seating capacity was increased to 40,000.
1	and lord shiva made nellitheertha his abode.
1	jennings created all of the production backgrounds.
1	events from the year 1954 in denmark.
1	winner of the deutscher jugendliteraturpreis in 1961.
1	seax-wica does not employ any secrecy oath.
1	copyright is still vested in the trust.
1	then jerome walks home with his family.
1	cyneberht was a medieval bishop of lindsey.
1	she married edmund j. kiely in 1953.
1	despite heavy promotion the album lagged commercially.
1	louis van beeck was a belgian archer.
1	this technique is routinely used in radiotherapy.
1	canadian soccer league first division (2): 2014.
1	the green party candidate lost in 2006.
1	kristin bumiller is an american political scientist.
1	he had a wife and three daughters.
1	paul the son bourgeoise modern-minded protestant parents.
1	this shift did not occur in sino-japanese.
1	these wiring networks were complicated and intricate.
1	she specializes in english medieval social history.
1	vagrant animals can reach the ryukyu islands.
1	its rails and right-of-way have slowly disappeared.
1	they were all found three days later.
1	he is fluent in arabic and french.
1	she mainly played domestic cricket for kent.
1	it lies four miles south of grafton.
1	lamprey are only able to reproduce once.
1	i asked him 'what do you want?
1	she retired as chief librarian in 1969.
1	the village has a population of 210.
1	portrait of a woman (lot 31) $56,250.
1	maxwell built the aztec mill in 1864.
1	pastor john lin) redeemer west side (sr.
1	fotografias por george o. jackson de llano.
1	the lcc was elected every three years.
1	adil's guantanamo internment serial number was 260.
1	same boy wayne mason jayrem records 2001.
1	carleton was hanged on 22 january 1673.
1	a total of 104 episodes were produced.
1	airing every mondays and tuesdays at 8pm.
1	activities include birding fishing hiking and sunbathing.
1	this was a recipe for the disaster.
1	it has a chromosome count of 2n32.
1	the next tie-break is a simple draw.
1	the location closed on february 16 2021.
1	i knew we were going to win.
1	the competition then shifted to knockout rounds.
1	ret player has retired from international football.
1	he was from a prominent intellectual family.
1	the product is then gasified by hydrogen.
1	khalil hawi wrote five anthologies of poetry.
1	zeltser was born in kishinev in 1947.
1	they compete in the macomb area conference.
1	cases are distributed to chambers by random.
1	it nests in dense trees and shrubs.
1	it was built by king muthuramalinga sethupathiy.
1	the proscenium arch is 82 feet wide.
1	groundling marsh portfolio entertainment j.a. delmage productions.
1	sbb-type galaxies lie in between the two.
1	langford h. warren house 6 garden terr.
1	she attended the sylvia young theatre school.
1	the irarah cuttaburra and warrego being flooded.
1	principal photography began on april 16 2021.
1	he also is a member of mensa.
1	the district is represented by patt maney.
1	each stage entails several specific cognitive processes.
1	the c1260 offered a dual processor option.
1	in 1983 he came back to kalimpong.
1	serendipity the pink dragon debuts on ntv.
1	i was convinced i wouldn't scare him.
1	casey mears was announced as his replacement.
1	this innovation could not be better described.
1	it is endemic to aotearoa new zealand.
1	thermotoga neapolitana is a rod-shaped gram-negative bacterium.
1	paul hinshelwood 65 english footballer (crystal palace).
1	and ross can stay out as well.
1	managing director of intelligent design network inc.
1	john agrees but fiz is openly angry.
1	the tsar responded by dissolving the duma.
1	they forced him to resign his commission.
1	he was born on 25 february 1976.
1	however it attempted no major collective policies.
1	he coached for youth team until 2016.
1	mccreery's older sister ashley attended unc charlotte.
1	there is no known mechanism for telepathy.
1	the museum averages 14 different exhibits annually.
1	before leaving he also brutally kills ivan.
1	you're not allowed to watch harsh realm'.
1	monasteries and convents were targeted for expropriation.
1	the population was 5,692 as of 2002.
1	he later took the monastic name iosipos.
1	noodle soups with meat mushrooms or milk.
1	narkle has three sons and two daughters.
1	for services to shipping and the church.
1	it was released on december 14 2009.
1	it has an faa identifier of 7n4.
1	acid is widely used as a preservative.
1	some of these applications are described below.
1	consequently the paintings' colours dissolved as well.
1	former boxer tommy ryan was born here.
1	it has tinted windows and sculptured parts.
1	the same preposition also marks indirect objects.
1	nicke ranks 16th on the annual list.
1	the medals were determined in the final.
1	opposing the potential sweep was andy ashby.
1	helsinki the finnish association of architects 1992.
1	she translated many psychoanalytic works into french.
1	there are three receiving channels for n011m.
1	in 2006 she recorded por esa puerta.
1	it did not contest the 2011 election.
1	bulletin edited by p. bouissac et al.
1	gabriella gatehouse's career started off in pageantry.
1	the club runs the gala y.m. sevens.
1	palaeophonus was virtually identical to modern scorpions.
1	lightweight remote control vehicle from november 2008.
1	equestrians are not allowed at the preserve.
1	it deals with the philosophy of science.
1	the tansy beetle has a palearctic distribution.
1	stained glass windows adorn the stair landings.
1	she recorded bach cantatas with diethard hellmann.
1	francis jackson 104 british organist and composer.
1	the program was produced by talent associates.
1	this is a temple of lord shiva.
1	it also has california charitable corporation status.
1	commander susan jane eagles royal naval reserve.
1	when he touches her he wakes up.
1	alice drouin sister of louis drouin jr.
1	the first factor is a master password.
1	the station opened on 11 october 1928.
1	the off-broadway musical the berenstain bears live!
1	loveday carlyon is a cornish nationalist politician.
1	pinitol is a cyclitol a cyclic polyol.
1	temaeva arii tepouae kopu koao raemaki karati.
1	conducting elections for municipal corporations in state.
1	that reach a length of approximately 3mm.
1	ens kalevipoeg marine infantry transport steam boat.
1	these branches extinguished in the following centuries.
1	he was promoted to vice-admiral in 1931.
1	shiing-shen chern complex manifolds without potential theory.
1	john weber  california state college los angeles.
1	abraham also competes in the 400m sprint.
1	scutellum is usually entirely cream to yellow.
1	the population was 70 as of 2010.
1	e. f. k. koerner 82 german linguist.
1	in 1830 higbee moved to fulton ohio.
1	valsad is famous for alphonso (valsadi haafus).
1	jax was disqualified but retained her title.
1	for services to farming in northern rhodesia.
1	in 2007 al jaber obtained austrian nationality.
1	individuation and the absolute by sean kelly.
1	he also furnished the sas office there.
1	virtualbox also supports it from version 5.0.
1	he won the fight by unanimous decision.
1	heminger began working for marathon in 1975.
1	the following persons judged the final competition.
1	her hobbies are computers manga and music.
1	uba spent 10 years in direct provision.
1	it was described by buquet in 1844.
1	they had three sons and two daughters.
1	for more see list of logarithmic identities.
1	before losing her leg she enjoyed scuba-diving.
1	unfortunately prasidh had died the month before.
1	rostrer for the 2021 fiba women's americup.
1	emmy award 1993 for liza minnelli live!
1	james myer jr. was its first supervisor.
1	some amidrazones have been employed as insecticides.
1	the bill was held for further study.
1	sexual harassment and attempted rape of laura.
1	the investigation into his homicide is ongoing.
1	but i don't want to scare daniella.
1	his advice was ignored at the time.
1	they may be triggered by a fever.
1	soups based on cabbage most prominently shchi.
1	he broke his leg in august 2019.
1	nell (1807) bay filly sired by johnny.
1	after that she had worked at pt.
1	the united states are the defending champions.
1	the inflorescence is a panicle of spikelets.
1	if yes how much more important exactly?
1	it premiered on youtube on october 16.
1	my intention is absolutely to run again.
1	perveeva was born in zadonsk in 1879.
1	in 1987-88 an arts wing was added.
1	credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
1	the population was 3 as of 2002.
1	surrounding the church are four public houses.
1	jean and arlette now despise each other.
1	the achaemenids made babylon their main capital.
1	photos show the 2 locos working together.
1	d2867 was given the works number 2850.
1	the developmental retainer lasted for eight months.
1	it was released by walt disney productions.
1	the chapel is a single storey building.
1	it was inactivated on 8 october 1960.
1	the engine is a rolls-royce c6nfl176 6-cyl.
1	he was the owner of a colliery.
1	in 2011 gojira signed with roadrunner records.
1	meier schwarz 95 german-born israeli plant physiologist.
1	the race started and finished in harelbeke.
1	it can be oven-baked or air dried.
1	acanthobrama hulensis looked much like a sardine.
1	the east fork area has been logged.
1	he is the author of fifteen books.
1	precise investigation evaluated reason of the fire.
1	this marine species occurs off the philippines.
1	he was knighted on 18 april 1603.
1	kuchma responded by ordering an immediate inquiry.
1	denmark also sent humanitarian aid to finland.
1	robert phillips 83 american poet and academic.
1	the series premiered on 23 february 2018.
1	it kept me up till half-past one.
1	la petite prairie aux bouleaux (2003) a.k.
1	jangkar is a settlement in sarawak malaysia.
1	chang had eight sons and six daughters.
1	skra is a settlement in sarawak malaysia.
1	rufus's taxi was created by george barris.
1	the station would have an inauspicious start.
1	they had two daughters evangelia and rania.
1	it is a part of potomac maryland.
1	on 31 august 2019 he married sujina.
1	dickel was born at dunedin in 1897.
1	racket provides several related facilities for generators.
1	henry guerlac antoine-laurent lavoisier: chemist and revolutionary.
1	all other specifications were same as wap4.
1	very little is known of its history.
1	the taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks.
1	for political and public services in banffshire.
1	it features a square corner bell tower.
1	knight was included but townsend was not.
1	he eventually made his way to gloversville.
1	cooling was born into a musical family.
1	conway d. and j. h. cohen (1998).
1	topuria won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	christchurch hosts the new zealand poker championships.
1	ken nordine (uncredited) voiced the introductory narration.
1	mckellar was born in la jolla california.
1	she is a three-time lithuanian national champion.
1	maria ewing 71 american opera singer cancer.
1	the little clatskanie has no named tributaries.
1	visitors submit captions and vote for others.
1	the route was commissioned as i-19 bus.
1	hormozal aluminium smelter plant in bandar abbas.
1	herbert whincup gloyne chemist i war office.
1	however this was only a small start.
1	we understand that montrealers will ask 'why?
1	the technology center was opened in 2002.
1	computer covers all aspects of computer science.
1	very little is known about margiris' life.
1	he retired at the 1986 state election.
1	i had never heard the song before.
1	mynarski abandoned the launch and landed safely.
1	in 1962 20,000 comfort women were registered.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	it was released during his 2011 tour.
1	a large pipe organ commands the back.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	enrique iglesias featuring pitbull and the wav.
1	they took part in some minor actions.
1	it was originally named the accountant-general's department.
1	thus kusidinios was someone with good hearing.
1	like you know big punch like boom.
1	eventually she and her sweetheart successfully eloped.
1	it was also intended to reset peripherals.
1	the population was 576 as of 2010.
1	manson was born and raised in brooklyn.
1	today they are distinct from each other.
1	the town lies within the adirondack park.
1	the show was titled viva la juicy.
1	volunteers curated approximately twelve exhibits per year.
1	bola akindele nigerian businesses man and philanthropist.
1	the fraternity established chapters at eighteen schools.
1	cowley seems to have understood this relationship.
1	the manuscript contains text of origen's philocalia.
1	the same type optical encoders are used.
1	after that the game starts over again.
1	she was eliminated in the knockout rounds.
1	he was allowed to retain his rank.
1	six new restaurants were added in 1997.
1	it is the country's largest halloween retailer.
1	musical performances received mixed reviews from critics.
1	river ridge community unit school district 210.
1	former president of the norwegian red cross.
1	however by things had settled down somewhat.
1	it has also been reported from louisiana.
1	latin omega was released in unicode 8.0.
1	galinsky started shooting the very same afternoon.
1	the spaces between them form rounded pits.
1	all of the forbidden cards were limited.
1	the growing swamps also seriously aggravated malaria.
1	he was discharged as a lieutenant colonel.
1	neal attended james b. hunt high school.
1	five jews were killed and 15 injured.
1	it was announced on september 13 2001.
1	he was released on august 18 2021.
1	dowling committed suicide in 1954 aged 26.
1	during the year there were 93 suspensions.
1	femi was born in lagos southwestern nigeria.
1	by july 8 it had been reinstated.
1	interactive entertainment in conjunction with sesame workshop.
1	garaner gahine a documentary about abdur razzaque.
1	as of 2010 kanowit's population is 28,985.
1	it is an american 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
1	the post office was receiving mail daily.
1	villages and towns were burned and looted.
1	carla galle 73 belgian olympic swimmer (1968).
1	the phrase introduces part of the concept.
1	the film recorded a loss of $100,000.
1	all circles are measured by their diameter.
1	the newcomer smuggles a-force outside the city.
1	the elections were held under plurality vote.
1	raja manipulates her by gaining her sympathy.
1	in 2016 count arthur strong's radio show!
1	in 2009 count arthur strong's radio show!
1	snowfall totals peaked at from this system.
1	the story appeared in the greek menaea.
1	josh faure-brac created the pilot for supernews!
1	the flesh is thick soft and yellow.
1	population details can be found under exhall.
1	powers painted the caricature for the protest.
1	it is the seat of hotan prefecture.
1	all music was composed by blake neely.
1	kogan mobile launched on 12 december 2012.
1	clay center is located at (41.566199 83.362952).
1	sometimes a ferrite core is present also.
1	last week of july: aventino blues festival.
1	the bridge was completed in december 1870.
1	brown's primary position is lock or flanker.
1	he has three brothers and two sisters.
1	she had two daughters: lelia and isabella.
1	hitchcock was born in fayetteville north carolina.
1	cynthia however is unwilling to tell ernest.
1	in 2009 acer acquired 29.9% of olidata.
1	many audiences left during the sex scenes.
1	there is a more serious subtext however.
1	robert of grimesby elected 1264 resigned 1272.
1	it was michael's first professional maximum break.
1	she was the daughter of bahgoria kothar.
1	he was the captain of the team.
1	in 1923 there was a student strike.
1	armin is a member of the group.
1	wiens believed in a few simple principles.
1	the air force currently has 5,000 personnel.
1	he crossed over to ireland about 1591.
1	inside it is yellowish with reddish streaks.
1	john of bawtry admitted 1298 resigned 1309.
1	records and designed to supersede this album.
1	baileyton does not have a post office.
1	dance on the volcano by marie chauvet.
1	the negotiations took place in tianjin (tientsin).
1	no damage was caused to the antiquities.
1	the mill was built by wolfe bros.
1	beitar kfar saba remained in liga alef.
1	pan-indian political groups were unique to cities.
1	however the restaurant closed in november 2017.
1	she was iron framed and wood sheathed.
1	pacific linguistics the australian national university 1985.
1	it was also martell's last charting single.
1	the population was 2 as of 2002.
1	considered only a two-star recruit by rivals.
1	the latter do fall under its jurisdiction.
1	the hook won the 2021 prometheus award.
1	he wrote for several publications until 1925.
1	treatise on invertebrate paleontology part l. (ammonoidea).
1	bathurst worked as a barrister and conveyancer.
1	giving into pressure nerva closed the tribunals.
1	cash prize amount varied over the period.
1	the veillet make enlargements to the mill.
1	cefminox is a broad-spectrum bactericidal cephalosporin antibiotic.
1	it was described by strecker in 1878.
1	he lost the fight via split decision.
1	adults also cannibalize young of other parents.
1	thailand came in second with three wins.
1	vietnam used u-19 players on this season.
1	this school was started in year 1949.
1	the current version is 22 items long.
1	kleykamp and his wife divorced in 1970.
1	her mother tries to look after her.
1	it can also move one step edgewise.
1	the district center is dahan-e falezak (shahrak).
1	armadillidium ruffoi is endemic to northern italy.
1	in 1927 a major restoration was completed.
1	the district website is located at isd.
1	it was heavily involved with sks microfinance.
1	events in the year 1958 in japan.
1	if is alveolar then is also alveolar.
1	sitting members are shown in bold text.
1	danilo represented belgium at youth international level.
1	these resolutions were part of this effort.
1	the population was 494 as of 2010.
1	events from the year 1131 in ireland.
1	on the sill is the painter's signature.
1	harvey weinstein for his sexual assault trials.
1	boadu was born and bred in kumasi.
1	outside britain they were often called demi-prebendaries.
1	teresalina house gets its name after sr.
1	it was destroyed by fire in 1781.
1	but their noses bend upwards not downwards.
1	he participated in the first world war.
1	the paper existed between 1907 and 1958.
1	goswami hails from bandel in hooghly district.
1	there is another building near the house.
1	the city celebrated its bicentennial throughout 2008.
1	the side was led by dilip doshi.
1	recorded by marc rayburn and david frazier.
1	the session was produced entirely by davies.
1	following the loss of advertisers ingraham apologized.
1	he wrote in azerbaijani persian and russian.
1	the season started on 7 september 2018.
1	the channel does not have edited content.
1	he graduated from this school in 1907.
1	the complex contains three distinct postmodern towers.
1	fifty men died there were no survivors.
1	mills played at ut martin from 2010-12.
1	his first film was rajasenan's sathyabhamakkoru premalekhanam.
1	characteristically alexander sliced it with his sword.
1	the order is issued in three classes.
1	tsang is well known for keeping koi.
1	fed including annual reports back to 1915.
1	traditions do differ on this point however.
1	he was born in leith in 1830.
1	montalvan addresses these differences in his book.
1	santamaria is a youth exponent from tours.
1	he recognizes his nephew during the duel.
1	after his retirement onuprienko lived in moscow.
1	the white house also withheld key documents.
1	constance kong as bobo wong kam-wing's daughter.
1	they didn't teach us they trained us.
1	in 2013-2014 a new playground was added.
1	however there are still a few attractions.
1	the fools then quarrel with each other.
1	in octal one digit represents three bits.
1	the phonetic attributes of preaspiration also vary.
1	the game editor engine is event driven.
1	lu yi was born in shanghai china.
1	one extraordinary entry from 1785 is ld.
1	after that she trained as a pharmacist.
1	each time copyright protection has been extended.
1	the family later moved to kokomo indiana.
1	he strives to judge all things impartially.
1	then vanaras start the search for sita.
1	it is found in barbados and martinique.
1	in august 2014 leeds also spearheaded ask.
1	by 1995 the union had 15,500 members.
1	it premiered globally on february 8 2021.
1	his widow then remarried to jacob jacobsz.
1	the population was 36 as of 2002.
1	however it would not be without criticism.
1	i wanted to flow with the record.
1	eastern time on mondays throughout its run.
1	lilley has a holiday home in france.
1	molde participated in the 1979 norwegian cup.
1	there are 774 local governments in nigeria.
1	it was opened on april 22 2006.
1	it is the levo isomer of dropropizine.
1	he is married with two adult children.
1	the district is partially mountainous and wooded.
1	the pulpit and baptismal font are jacobean.
1	it was described by barr in 1962.
1	the badge hangs from a royal crown.
1	harriet arrived at calcutta on 11 december.
1	troubadour made twenty-one starts at age three.
1	the keep dates from the 13th century.
1	this step is important for two reasons.
1	his brother and two others were taken.
1	it had been captured by the fsa.
1	the paper is a free advertiser-supported publication.
1	for services to philanthropy and the community.
1	shinichiro sakurai japanese automotive engineer (b. 1929).
1	beaches also erode as sea level rises.
1	much of the group's past is unknown.
1	atv's london service is renamed atv london.
1	the chronic was released in december 1992.
1	it is a tributary to turkey run.
1	he was released on september 24 2018.
1	the loan deal was extended in december.
1	in 2002 the company acquired forth wines.
1	she was raised in a musical family.
1	steven a. orszag american mathematician (b. 1943).
1	the largest ukrainian diaspora was in poland.
1	the school teaches the jordanian system tawjihi.
1	it was described by deuve in 1992.
1	he averaged 3.1 points in 53 games.
1	the title also has a dedicated website.
1	sources and hardware schematics available on github.
1	he met the leading citizens of piqua.
1	on the july 18 episode of smackdown!
1	keith goullet 89 australian footballer (north melbourne).
1	webster university geneva was founded in 1978.
1	olesya gongadze died on 30 november 2013.
1	the v-10 engine needed several design changes.
1	tony martell 90 american music industry executive.
1	anatole novak 84 french road bicycle racer.
1	ben shephard 69 english historian and writer.
1	the first winter of 1917-1918 was difficult.
1	oblique arguments are promoted directly to subject.
1	david siderovski is a north american pharmacologist.
1	they found it in two african individuals.
1	double nested sinkhole with vertical walls deep.
1	groupe snpe was formed there in 1971.
1	but they continued their relationship by mail.
1	verkhny avzyan is the nearest rural locality.
1	he said quite boring this metro huh!
1	it is derived from the word antique.
1	these dams decimated the native salmon runs.
1	it competes with orange belgium and base.
1	the divorce was finalized in december 2013.
1	justin ena is married with two children.
1	the westernmost interchange of the zagreb bypass.
1	all times are eastern daylight time (utc-4).
1	it will be spread across 20 hectares.
1	tourism is the mainstay of grenada's economy.
1	anderson was a pupil of james jardine.
1	authors received $750 for each accepted script.
1	magazine for five years in a row.
1	thieme studied at duno college in doorwerth.
1	these details are only mentioned in heimskringla.
1	improve the effectiveness of leadership and management.
1	maria glazovskaya 104 russian scientist and agrochemist.
1	there are channels referred to as r1.
1	she chose tatjana while lena was eliminated.
1	it was inaugurated by n. chandrababu naidu.
1	the township was officially organized in 1854.
1	eli ayase a character from love live!
1	he also recorded for several japanese labels.
1	the village has a population of 200.
1	he appeared in many sivaji ganesan films.
1	moving an object also moves its shadow.
1	the village has a population of 40.
1	nara singh got an allowance of rs.
1	covered by the mars volta during cygnus.
1	adults are on wing in late may.
1	there jakobovits began to work at customs.
1	wfnc was a mutual broadcasting system affiliate.
1	the school has a vocational education programme.
1	for services to homeless people in sunderland.
1	the tower's condominium units feature high ceilings.
1	this election was to a four-year term.
1	the moe said that nothing is burning.
1	is it huey newton or detroit red?
1	her sister is romance novelist marsha canham.
1	john william dwyer superintendent cardiff city police.
1	she returned to vienna after the war.
1	additionally ames explained there's no special magic.
1	passage across the bridge cost one sou.
1	eidson started his racing career in karts.
1	it has two season rainy and sunny.
1	there are 27 exits for this station.
1	the eagles have appeared in the collegeinsider.
1	he competed in the 2020 summer olympics.
1	the spoor of spooks and other nonsense.
1	campbell starred in reefer madness in 2001.
1	currently the president is professor janusz kacprzyk.
1	anniversary fantasy revisited for concert band op.
1	fas was founded on 16 february 1947.
1	competition began in 1959 with three tournaments.
1	the parish incorporates the parish of kiltoraght.
1	our company was founded on an experiment.
1	jan huberts 79 dutch motorcycle road racer.
1	it forms a reversible adduct with 9,10-dimethylantracene.
1	in 1996 pinnacle acquired former competitor donruss.
1	she is not too good in studies.
1	he was a pupil of joachim wagner.
1	mercury was also used in silver mining.
1	in canada it was shown on ytv.
1	elsie spencer matron holmefield boys' home biggleswade.
1	there are currently 35 known roap stars.
1	among the interned were also german pows.
1	fikrun wa fann was established in 1963.
1	the merger was completed october 9 2001.
1	teague has managed the property since 2007.
1	the station has 2 elevated side platforms.
1	bochetel described the great pearls in detail.
1	morales's campaign lost some endorsements and support.
1	the station underwent major renovation in 1940s.
1	notably agudat israel joined only in 1935.
1	the championships were divided into three tournaments.
1	he was born on january 18 1969.
1	he also played for hpk and jukurit.
1	from 1932 perrot's secretary was herry caouissin.
1	two species are placed in this genus.
1	piermaria is a masculine italian given name.
1	the third floor is no longer present.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	the mouse escapes as no explosion occurs.
1	vandana pathak as bakula bhavesh vasavda a.k.
1	neptune arrived at whampoa on 6 october.
1	custom sizing is available with most products.
1	i only saw david get angry once.
1	the two tandem cockpits of the hd.
1	this necessitated cutting scenes with sexual themes.
1	booster shots were recommended for all adults.
1	he is based on a historical figure.
1	the population was 22 as of 2010.
1	the highest point at is sheen hill.
1	four scuba divers have died in it.
1	the season was divided into 3 stages.
1	thirty-nine officers and cadets died in texas.
1	arabic persian turkish indonesian polish spanish translations.
1	on the may 17 episode of impact!
1	it currently houses the council's administrative staff.
1	it is wholly owned by grupo passaredo.
1	it was released on 12 may 2017.
1	its three letter station code is avn.
1	his parents were isaac and ester hingley.
1	ramiz abutalibov 84 azerbaijani diplomat and historian.
1	omallur temple has many interesting stone carvings.
1	for political and public services in oxford.
1	leo and gilda are now living together.
1	in isko encyclopedia of knowledge organization eds.
1	bordering on both sides the central table.
1	jan sonnergaard 53 danish writer heart attack.
1	the enemy force consisted of approximately 200.
1	saint tatiana is patron saint of students.
1	she is also a novelist and essayist.
1	she is also the blue sky beast.
1	her husband was qifu gangui (king wuyuan).
1	trio for flute oboe and clarinet op.
1	it runs from valley center to escondido.
1	it is part of lesser sunda islands.
1	it was printed at arun printing press.
1	we received a strange signal from space!
1	three male pentathletes represented hungary in 1992.
1	a summary appears in an fra report.
1	donnelly himself lost pembrokeshire to the conservatives.
1	it is full of life and adventure.
1	naomi received three a's from her a-levels.
1	it supports a maximum of 15 devices.
1	childinfo was the system which preceded devinfo.
1	akpan-idiok a.u and esu i. e. 2013.
1	he was declared inactive for the postseason.
1	arnold also devoted himself to classical philology.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	o'duffy and hobson went to the north.
1	the station broadcast eight hours a day.
1	died childless leaving his sister as heir.
1	at 69 minutes the usa scored again.
1	the metropolis water act 1852 was enacted.
1	it impacted radio on the same day.
1	thubron mentions a salted muksun fish product.
1	they threw it around the room instead.
1	ras wolde selassie made hintalo his capital.
1	maddock is married and has a son.
1	the aircraft is amateur-built and not type-certified.
1	in 1996 geltz joined the jacksonville cyclones.
1	other victims may also have been strangled.
1	very large windows overlooking the pacific ocean.
1	the main host plant is wild hops.
1	mortality can be as high as 20-30%.
1	it has a pink kasota limestone facade.
1	pratt selected him straight out of prison.
1	he retired to halifax in april 1834.
1	the membership is the cornerstone of ceiu.
1	wax faces were made by winifred mills.
1	sayyid ajall's oldest son was nasir al-din.
1	several stores are also located in baileyton.
1	he is married and has three children.
1	despite these economies the line remained unprofitable.
1	nabc organizes their programme accommodation and transport.
1	before i came here they spoke differently.
1	d. in statistics from iowa state university.
1	dedicated to sati maata of jakhar clan.
1	the population was 60 as of 2002.
1	his mother was an immigrant from russia.
1	john gordon fled to louvain in flanders.
1	all tracks written by marc de pape.
1	the business is owned by dan fergus.
1	he was also enfeoffed as a marquis.
1	emmerdale is not her first television appearance.
1	this step gives diamonds their initial shape.
1	it is found in colombia and ecuador.
1	brown was displeased with the union's victory.
1	us mapping in 1961 updated in 1988.
1	lighter birds are sometimes called lavender turkeys.
1	five platform tracks are available for passengers.
1	in other words the self-schema becomes self-perpetuating.
1	there are many different types of mattresses.
1	no major thoroughfares run through the district.
1	he took office on 22 may 2019.
1	the whole idea is that it's secret.
1	langmarg is one of the beautiful meadows.
1	pamela was born in st. louis missouri.
1	gana was born in santiago de chile.
1	he produced several docuseries for france 2.
1	he is best friends with de li.
1	the rink is open for drop-in use.
1	there is a shivaing in the temple.
1	afterwards she left town for london england.
1	focus award griffin museum of photography 2011.
1	this chapter is divided into 23 verses.
1	bruce beattie is an american political cartoonist.
1	mixed at the sound factory (hollywood ca).
1	especially sexual minorities who need it today.
1	later that year goodwin hosted home cooked!
1	afterwards he was elected mayor of weddington.
1	batbagh is the famous playground (200 kanals).
1	mining has a number of environmental impacts.
1	it was described by jeannel in 1927.
1	it contained 10 articles and an addendum.
1	there is a single pair of nostrils.
1	the paper appeared three times a week.
1	they have an alcohol content of 89.9%.
1	before 2000 this constituency was in bihar.
1	the current executive director is colm o'gorman.
1	it is found in the neotropical realm.
1	dumfries hosts cycling organisations and cycling holidays.
1	a different version of the above report.
1	m. chidambaram chettyar and c. valliammai achi.
1	she died of cancer the following year.
1	his remains were buried above his mother's.
1	at club level power plays with carrickshock.
1	this titular bishopric was established in 1983.
1	he was renowned for his strong personality.
1	thereafter he never lacked commissions or patrons.
1	the village has a population of 670.
1	the ascent takes roughly 1h45 and back.
1	rio de janeiro would have its headquarters.
1	he was re-elected the following year unopposed.
1	the family settled in the 12th arrondissement.
1	several military vehicles were also reported destroyed.
1	these can assemble to filaments and rings.
1	he then attended connecticut school of broadcasting.
1	he was a pupil of boccaccio boccaccini.
1	the research name of emapalumab was ni-0501.
1	abortion in idaho is illegal from fertilization.
1	viaf's clustering algorithm is run every month.
1	flowers is a native of troy alabama.
1	only seven of them are definitely dated.
1	the capacity of the stadium is 40,000.
1	it is part of the glantwymyn community.
1	it has a dome of guastavino tile.
1	but when egypt revolted with athenian aid.
1	his last year of office was 1855.
1	jose keeranchira (vicar) on 31 december 2014.
1	it hosts the country's largest animal market.
1	in 1971 he joined gloucestershire county council.
1	whitbarrow is a hill in cumbria england.
1	the filming was mostly conducted at fornebu.
1	the officer was talking to somebody else.
1	the hotel is a three-storey stone building.
1	debbie green was an american folk singer.
1	vince bell has also recorded the song.
1	the village has a population of 410.
1	concerto for piano four hands and orchestra.
1	the woods occur on low limestone ridges.
1	all songs by the pietasters unless noted.
1	salem school district including salem high school.
1	he went on to obtain his ph.
1	west yorkshire regiment (prince of wales's own).
1	opperman continued cycling until he was 90.
1	field died in 2015 of natural causes.
1	she displaced as built and fully loaded.
1	professional riders take 60 to 75 minutes.
1	barguna's economy is primarily dependent on agriculture.
1	geoff clayton 80 english cricketer (lancashire somerset).
1	fortuitously he has been acquitted as innocent.
1	nevertheless three more models were to follow.
1	ram pyare panika is an indian politician.
1	ignimbrite is a type of volcanic rock.
1	keisler was born in hempstead new york.
1	the gameplay was generally praised as entertaining.
1	dreams received generally favorable reviews from critics.
1	some linguists propose a classification of formation.
1	the village has a population of 110.
1	schlieren has an unemployment rate of 4.23%.
1	she rejects him choosing a richer man.
1	it is one of three isomeric pyridinaldehydes.
1	later that year carr married carol stuart.
1	their trial began on july 23 2019.
1	then leonardo (in nicholas's body) joined in.
1	leonardo (in nicholas's body) he purred too.
1	aquila was developed by facebook's connectivity lab.
1	there are 6 police stations in lakshmipur.
1	agardsely was the original name for newborough.
1	the clean ocean foundation was also important.
1	the voyage was not a tranquil one.
1	he was released on parole in 2012.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	brogan's son fagan and cadi go anyway.
1	there are several ultramarathon races in argentina.
1	read the original short story on newyorker.
1	the first rector was john baptist hogan.
1	the 2004 edition was a major overhaul.
1	consequently christy seeks a hobby in painting.
1	she worked with lepers in south america.
1	it has 2 cofactors: iron and ascorbate.
1	ngono is a mother of three children.
1	the tree is now a tourist attraction.
1	he was made a baron in 1820.
1	he played the villain in kangaroo jack.
1	in the 1990s the factory was re-equipped.
1	maoist nostalgia is pervasive in the city.
1	he married his fourth wife in 1951.
1	to the north lies gurez from bandipore.
1	additionally fishing employs 5% of the population.
1	the village was held as a jagir.
1	she was sworn in on april 11.
1	the following teams qualified for the tournament.
1	a colon is the preferred time separator.
1	crown prince frederik (born 26 may 1968).
1	the zoo also operates projects in uganda.
1	he played youth baseball on integrated teams.
1	agriculture is the largest employer in hunagunda.
1	gee whiz-z-z-z-z-z-z is a 1956 warner bros.
1	his brother pichetchai pholdee is also actor.
1	nakaura station opened on 1 july 1953.
1	both were published prior to ball's death.
1	the team colors are black and yellow.
1	by half-elliptical springs in front and behind.
1	a product's name can also be misleading.
1	vaughan died in 2004 at age 96.
1	in 1911 tayga was granted town status.
1	these include many wood objects and cordage.
1	his favorite medium is oil on canvas.
1	he had a sidekick named jim peyton.
1	on june 17 2014 he was waived.
1	it is a branch of the aorta.
1	then she leaves without even saying goodnight.
1	chairman of the permata negara working committee.
1	repeats continue to air regularly on cbbc.
1	the colonels are coached by chris prothro.
1	the popakademie has an erasmus university charta.
1	the chargers released hamilton on august 25.
1	it condenses with pyrrole to give tetrapyridylporphyrin.
1	the municipality is with a diverse geography.
1	his son aleksey aygi is a composer.
1	temotu is an islet of vaitupu tuvalu.
1	karanthur is administered by kunnamangalam grama panchayat.
1	the scandal had reverberations in german politics.
1	students began classes on september 22 1884.
1	the township is within wayne national forest.
1	he was also raised in los angeles.
1	it was built between 1515 and 1522.
1	he was a clarinetist teacher and conductor.
1	statistics below show the all-time program leaders.
1	in prison he qualified in business studies.
1	pacific linguistics the australian national university 1994.
1	the company also made calfdozers (small bulldozers).
1	they had two children francis and rosemary.
1	the mini-tournament will be hosted in germany.
1	pacific linguistics the australian national university 1977.
1	pogost nikolsky is the nearest rural locality.
1	it has two rounds on its own.
1	the dmx run was launched in 1997.
1	the film examines the triangular cotton trade.
1	the village has a population of 10.
1	barfords is now owned by invictas engineering.
1	the state is biased towards corporate interests.
1	odescalch castle built in the 18th century.
1	hagfish are scavengers eating mostly dead animals.
1	the district government locates in shanyao street.
1	none of these events caused any casualties.
1	then i found out it was jazz.
1	robin switched from bass to lead guitar.
1	this was based on a real-life incident.
1	both creations are extant as of 2010.
1	it was a surprise hit in britain.
1	his grave site is at trossachs saskatchewan.
1	pacific linguistics the australian national university 1988.
1	the tamil times however maintained its independence.
1	furthermore trees provide shade necessary for shrubbery.
1	carr was born in grants pass oregon.
1	pacific linguistics the australian national university 1976.
1	afterwards they take brandon to tom's house.
1	it premiered on netflix in july 2020.
1	its current premises were inaugurated in 1932.
1	many swedes hired cubans for farm work.
1	she competed for the club vfl sindelfingen.
1	sainsbury moved to pec zwolle in 2014.
1	they can sit but are otherwise helpless.
1	nawali was originally populated by 13,113 people.
1	one was and the other was diana.
1	goodyera procera is a species of orchid.
1	a new station is proposed for warnervale.
1	the book is separated into three parts.
1	september 27 top cat debuts on abc.
1	a brand of conocophillips gas stations 76.
1	harris attended american university in washington dc.
1	alland lived in hitterdal clay county minnesota.
1	margot zemach was born in los angeles.
1	it is found in guinea-bissau and guinea.
1	the person she was riding with died.
1	the coupling has a 24 unef thread.
1	for a period he prospected for mines.
1	finished the season with 512 consecutive games.
1	munich philharmonic orchestra and the group blechschaden.
1	kyiv dominates the media sector in ukraine.
1	de blasio said non-compliant establishments risk closure.
1	tribal arts and crafts of madhya pradesh.
1	eight former derby players made the list.
1	these include cherish health scanadu and azoi.
1	the video was later published on youtube.
1	this in turn overpowered the fuel pumps.
1	he then moved to the tulsa roughnecks.
1	open customs facilitated the export of chocolate.
1	silbey and alberty (2001): physical chemistry 857.
1	foreign literature engaged much of his attention.
1	today little swedish influence remains in cuba.
1	he was released by walsall in 1990.
1	exhausted and bloodied albinus's army was crushed.
1	all northern routes were closed that day.
1	with tarantella for piano by axia marinescu.
1	the minor seminary were located in seveso.
1	ballmer served as director of accenture ltd.
1	selection for 2e rep takes four weeks.
1	he is a dual citizen and bilingual.
1	she is the granddaughter of miles lampson.
1	in 2009 he co-founded civiccamp in calgary.
1	she also has an indomitable pathological will.
1	she is a first-year student of suiko.
1	penny pritzker headed the campaign's finance team.
1	it supports state affiliates across the nation.
1	recorded prague czech radio studio a 2006.
1	the next four seasons were productive ones.
1	a touring fuel consumption of was recorded.
1	this group has been described as non-partisan.
1	it has been critical of president obama.
1	this edition also includes a free poster.
1	the brine shrimp feed on microscopic algae.
1	alpha ceti is the star's bayer designation.
1	female persons totaled 50.8% of the population.
1	he has published essays advocating these positions.
1	the population was 370 as of 2010.
1	both had cell phones with integrated cameras.
1	sheetsazi building and power plant tehran 1954.
1	it is headquartered in kawasaki kanagawa japan.
1	manulife bank headquarters are in waterloo ontario.
1	it finances research programs for two years.
1	an endowment program was begun in 1990.
1	richard was born at bellinstown in 1613.
1	he spoke norwegian english german and french.
1	i asked have you read my thoughts?
1	latimer is of irish and lebanese ancestry.
1	the discovery shocks and confuses the men.
1	it was described by kabak in 2006.
1	on 21 july 2007 nextsat was deactivated.
1	a manual style (for writing academic article).
1	an apparent reference to his irish roots.
1	its foundation is of undressed native limestone.
1	james finds them and rocks runs in.
1	it was released on 3 february 2012.
1	the liberal party was defending three seats.
1	the national party was defending two seats.
1	the liberal party was defending two seats.
1	tlaloc god of rain lightning and thunder.
1	she subsequently either was scuttled or scrapped.
1	the labor party was defending two seats.
1	it was known in italian as testo.
1	they have never forced hindus to convert.
1	the games were televised nationally by tbs.
1	ulf wallin is a swedish classical violinist.
1	quasi amore poems bellinzona edizioni sottoscala 2018(italian).
1	the holotype had been collected in tanzania.
1	the daughters of saronius were baptized christians.
1	i would put him on the shelf.
1	this is based entirely on self reporting.
1	you are not going to save them.
1	new buildings were erected in their place.
1	uc retained the title the following year.
1	george was abolished in the 1968 re-distribution.
1	do you want the terrorists to stay?
1	in 1970 he bought a multiresidential building.
1	o'browne emigrated to great britain in 1958.
1	it takes control back from central authorities.
1	a symbol of authority he protects warriors.
1	the community was named after john clark.
1	john wycliffe used the greek name heliopolis.
1	i just throw my heart out there.
1	munthe's association with yuan shikai proved advantageous.
1	the court later split four-to-four on reconsideration.
1	lysenko and lysenkoism paris puf que sais-je?
1	lady skipwith was a keeper of lists.
1	extremely advanced artificial intelligences possessing vast superintelligence.
1	their follow-up ep was released in 2014.
1	competed in vaasa on 28 july 1906.
1	the film failed at the box office.
1	this would increase capacity by 18 tph.
1	she wrote her thesis on the senator.
1	the major rivers surrounding are aurahi jalad.
1	retailer-sponsored sales promotions are directed at consumers.
1	volvo buses acquired leyland buses in 1988.
1	gabrielle was the protagonist of emmanuelle 5.
1	the athletics mascot is sunny the sunbird.
1	the only movie threater in chhireswarnath municipality.
1	events from the year 1887 in denmark.
1	terence gregory channells superintendent queensland police force.
1	keighley was returned to manningham in 1959.
1	as when the summer days were nigh.
1	the genus name was published in 2020.
1	she fell face down on the ground.
1	wifp is an american nonprofit publishing organization.
1	other applications include marketing and policy making.
1	inactivated 15 june 1959 at atlanta georgia.
1	i don't even like to mention it.
1	womelsdorf (coalton) is located at (38.896849 79.963780).
1	public access television is provided through tv.
1	djanbazian left qazvin for tehran in 1942.
1	it first aired on november 25 2012.
1	the album titled the 4th album part.
1	jacques-louis monod 93 french composer and pianist.
1	and hear the distant church bells chime.
1	the city's boundaries were expanded in 1881.
1	rocks and daphne do not get along.
1	its publisher and editor-in-chief is jakob augstein.
1	constructed of metal with black plastic grips.
1	superfantozzi is an italian film from 1986.
1	the entire highway is within miaoli county.
1	alderman stanley leonard bowyer: 30 january 1973.
1	greco was the bassist for son goku.
1	the median weekly household income was $1,199.
1	there are missing bodies and missing people.
1	thus these bulls have more reproductive success.
1	he has his own house in coimbatore.
1	in the 1940s the country club closed.
1	the muslim league hesitantly accepted the compromise.
1	it is retail as well as wholesale.
1	he died in 1727 in mannheim germany.
1	first carbon monoxide and magnesium carbonate form.
1	the snow is on the ground again.
1	get to the back of the ship!
1	at smaller factories abuses have been reported.
1	exeter plantation delisted after it burned down.
1	she is the youngest of three children.
1	she subsequently worked as a freelance writer.
1	it was described by thomson in 1864.
1	its current chief executive is tim gardam.
1	nordfriedhof  is a cemetery in cologne germany.
1	he became england's most successful ever captain.
1	in both finals he defeated pete sampras.
1	the structural damage reported totaled approximately $32,000.
1	rice (oryza sativa) is a classic example.
1	her highest career ittf ranking was 105.
1	the diary is kept at southampton archives.
1	orly reveals that wesley had betrayed him.
1	huaulu is a language of seram indonesia.
1	u.s. route 180 passes through the community.
1	in 1928 he went to tsinghua university.
1	my only desire was to get closer.
1	tlaloc god of rain lightning and thunder.
1	he left a widow and four children.
1	rappa is a surname of italian origin.
1	the series airs on the tennis channel.
1	the residency included coachings masterclasses and concerts.
1	the restaurant remained open following the liquidation.
1	he had a diploma in civil engineering.
1	it attained its golden jubilee in 2010.
1	jewish defenders retreat to the first wall.
1	ve was launched on december 19 2011.
1	some 1,500 people applied for the role.
1	the plat was recorded by peter white.
1	they are typically used in practice settings.
1	he is an uncle of frank vandenbroucke.
1	cultural transformation and human rights in africa.
1	this species reaches a length of sl.
1	first names were usually long and religious.
1	the rodeo originated in the eastham unit.
1	a playground is beside the main building.
1	the haunted major (1902) a novel a.k.
1	the landscape almost lacks lakes and rivers.
1	puccini's opera tosca premieres in rome italy.
1	there are many ampicillin precursors in existence.
1	he was not opposed in the primary.
1	the village lies within a conservation area.
1	the artists behave as in real situations.
1	from here to there: alec soth's america.
1	mareez is one of shah's long-running productions.
1	to 1613: two abbesses: eulampia and govdela.
1	sally woolsey is an american bridge player.
1	it nests in a bare ground scrape.
1	the others were adopted as individual amendments.
1	for years fee had been determinedly non-sectarian.
1	search for superheavy hydrogen in sea water.
1	there are many stories about this tradition.
1	the population was 11 as of 2010.
1	on august 24 the falcons released hawkins.
1	it is found in africa including uganda.
1	another demo was shown at gamescom 2013.
1	heinrich bullinger becomes pastor of bremgarten switzerland.
1	total voters in mallepalli are around 7,500.
1	percussion is a technique of clinical examination.
1	these however can have significant side effects.
1	a second version was released in 1991.
1	for 2012 the prize purse was $188,000.
1	politics isn't a dirty thing mr. senator.
1	through him he joined the schoenstatt movement.
1	noaa-19 was launched on 6 february 2009.
1	martin was awarded a trophy and $1,000.
1	it was finally opened in may 2014.
1	kristin chenoweth played mr. noodle's sister ms.
1	dz540 first flew on 1 january 1944.
1	frank corder serves as its managing editor.
1	it was previously known as nh 213.
1	the dakar is still sold although revised.
1	aravindan decides to take on corrupt bureaucrats.
1	the species was first described in 1941.
1	trade mining and manufacturing were significantly expanded.
1	some 900 german soldiers died in total.
1	conversazioni is a book by massimo milano.
1	the population was 313 as of 2010.
1	war memorials can sometimes be politically controversial.
1	trento ended the championship in 9th position.
1	it became a nickname for the city.
1	ulanova was born in saint petersburg russia.
1	it is known from brazil and ecuador.
1	the film was produced by lyntone productions.
1	in the aftermath anne-marie miscarried a child.
1	liebling joined the new yorker in 1935.
1	he played college basketball at indiana university.
1	serious allergies only occur in about 0.03%.
1	michiana is adjacent to michiana shores indiana.
1	in pellucidar david domesticates two of them.
1	sir henry atwell lake was his grandfather.
1	par un ancien avocat dijon victor lagier.
1	the school also offers a pre-k program.
1	united airlines enabled and matched mileage contributions.
1	originally a monthly publication it is semi-annual.
1	the village has a population of 53.
1	his house was converted into a museum.
1	he played college football at boise state.
1	this language is closely related to yapen.
1	the sanctuary is open throughout the year.
1	he was succeeded by domenico di campofregoso.
1	powhatan remained active throughout the civil war.
1	mr. leonard goddard smalley: 30 january 1973.
1	heinrich von kleists leben und briefe (1848).
1	the daytime concerts are free to attend.
1	metadata is created to represent information resources.
1	we unanimously recommend it for the prize.
1	a flat rock might represent the earth.
1	however he orders them to leave mizraim.
1	that year they won their division's championship.
1	ofsted cite the pastoral system as outstanding.
1	amoako is a muslim and is married.
1	the old f-siders came mainly from amsterdam.
1	is annie going to go to visalia?
1	he was one of the main hosts.
1	water canals along the karaj river 1960.
1	subdivision south of sherwood station produced 'estate'.
1	wilkinson hall is named in his honour.
1	she was on a voyage to quebec.
1	stolhand meanwhile birdied the 14th to tie.
1	none carried torpedoes or had torpedo tubes.
1	a standardized orthography was established in 1947.
1	goats they are domesticated by the ape-men.
1	the town has a population of 1580.
1	pronotum is saddled with depressed anterior corners.
1	sergeant w. j. marshall royal field artillery.
1	in the press subrahmanyam discussed apple inc.
1	fullerton was born in kansas city missouri.
1	they had a baby together donald cairns.
1	her other children included william and giles.
1	he was surveyor-general of pennsylvania and delaware.
1	this community had been destroyed by fire.
1	it has a hipped colour bond roof.
1	with the debt a billion is invested.
1	for services to the community in southport.
1	in minister of intra-german relations (ed.): sbz-biographie.
1	gord fashoway 85 canadian ice hockey player.
1	lawrence henry bannister chairman anglian produce ltd.
1	the dean elected by the whole membership.
1	it is the longest staircase in russia.
1	wang's defeat however precipitated another succession crisis.
1	they would fight on until war's end.
1	he is the president of the economist.
1	development of vulcanized rubber by charles goodyear.
1	together with my friend rudi dittmann a.k.
1	the pilot was filmed at texas hollywood.
1	it is a famous winter tourist resort.
1	both modes also feature an anti-personnel capability.
1	penicillin has low protein binding in plasma.
1	there are airports at mangalore and kannur.
1	he was waived on may 4 2022.
1	jurat of the royal court in 1645.
1	fsd's work is conducted for humanitarian purposes.
1	the glider model is afnor biplace certified.
1	attendees come from communities throughout southern california.
1	in march commander edward roe replaced raper.
1	he was born on 23 march 1967.
1	the district comprises most of inner spokane.
1	they joined the intermountain conference in 1975.
1	the trial started on 27 february 2012.
1	her mother was a high-level handball player.
1	the virunga mountains extends through the province.
1	he became a regular goalkeeper soon afterward.
1	copyists would therefore choose simpler writing styles.
1	she practiced nursing from 1980 to 1984.
1	over time the performing implement has changed.
1	ifh took over the former mdi location.
1	american mathematical society providence rhode island 2000.
1	sergio plans to pursue a musical career.
1	on his right the brigade of brig.
1	the crowd stirred as limousines rolled in.
1	the company was founded by jim mcintyre.
1	the road lies entirely within county roscommon.
1	there's just no great rock albums anymore.
1	eli ruckenstein 95 romanian-born american physical chemist.
1	the rev. w. c. space said eddie.
1	on february 11 2014 the warner bros.
1	this species inhabited rodrigues and surrounding islands.
1	events from the year 1207 in ireland.
1	these events became known as the restoration.
1	lawrence john middleton foreign and commonwealth office.
1	in 1801 talbot transferred to in ireland.
1	argyrochosma pilifera is a medium-sized epipetric fern.
1	i'm as certain as i can be.
1	festschrift walter baetke dargebracht zu seinem 80.
1	it belongs in the community of cwm.
1	nadodi was released on 14 april 1966.
1	he had made 330 appearances for newcastle.
1	the losses are promised to be compensated.
1	typical species include japanese beech and tsuga.
1	katsuaki fujiwara was the final podium finisher.
1	the mountain is covered by old-growth forest.
1	synonyms of the species are not known.
1	it became effective on 26 february 2009.
1	the fire followed them wherever they went.
1	ponce became a fifa referee in 2009.
1	sofia discovers she is pregnant shortly after.
1	he eventually finished eighth in the championship.
1	he played college football at franklin college.
1	sweeney was born in kingston new york.
1	laws are politics because politicians create them.
1	they use this to mask the destination.
1	long lake is located at (45.856258 99.206571).
1	madhuban raj was created as a consequence.
1	john alan usmar director devon community council.
1	the first schoolhouse was erected in 1845.
1	he was worshipped in processions and sanctuaries.
1	preece was born in caernarfon (gwynedd) wales.
1	players are numbered clockwise from the priest.
1	he taught physics at tennessee technical university.
1	the cause of the fire remains unknown.
1	the station closed on 9 november 2012.
1	his interests extended to ethnography and folklore.
1	thirty-eight lives were lost aboard the ship.
1	in urlam one government phc is available.
1	mut has designed and constructed a microsatellite.
1	hal holbrook starred as captain lloyd bucher.
1	twa people also participated in the hostilities.
1	in 2015 he was signed by melfi.
1	merrie melodies cartoon directed by friz freleng.
1	later the soldiers were housed in boxcars.
1	william robert steele depot manager ulsterbus ltd.
1	homophobia is very widespread in mexican society.
1	in her adulthood she relocated to stockholm.
1	van kirk died on july 28 2014.
1	the village has a population of 70.
1	in 2008 does it offend you yeah?
1	all times are in minutes and seconds.
1	television group and rebranded as warner bros.
1	the soil is semi arid and fertile.
1	basil zempilas was announced as his replacement.
1	the sea sits atop the scotia plate.
1	members of every religion participate in pilgrimages.
1	the chain that is round us now.
1	he was a vice-president of the school.
1	mitos leyendas y cuentos paraguayos,1989 215 pgs.
1	in june 1940 the site was flooded.
1	the village has a population of 330.
1	no other printing appeared during melville's lifetime.
1	lantawan is in the island's westernmost area.
1	in 1997 a two-story addition was completed.
1	there are different approaches to educational research.
1	there were two forts in the area.
1	the hindwings are medium to dark brown.
1	it serves 225 members (as of 2003).
1	limited services operate to lochbuie and gruline.
1	his native club was forward of oslo.
1	several gabonese ministers have also visited india.
1	once again though jones's dreams were thwarted.
1	pressly's streak occurred over eight straight outings.
1	bloodletting won the 2006 scotiabank giller prize.
1	in 1966 construction of fibreglass was permitted.
1	he was married and had three children.
1	burns is married with two grown-up children.
1	as a young child chamney was ambidextrous.
1	lacrosse has seen some popularity in rochester.
1	the series was created by nihon falcom.
1	his veto was overridden the same day.
1	moulds or dies are changed at times.
1	ronald george hooker chairman henry sykes plc.
1	for example the manager of newton estate.
1	the film stayed on nbc until 1976.
1	all had worked on previous bond films.
1	sexy voice and robo is currently unfinished.
1	in early man in the new world.
1	now on static display in collierville tennessee.
1	farms and crops were damaged in vanuabalavu.
1	akiya decided to volunteer for the program.
1	all songs written by my chemical romance.
1	sammy barr 80 scottish trade union leader.
1	as of 2013 they have two children.
1	moths have also been observed pollinating megaherbs.
1	megaherbs are susceptible to overgrazing by mammals.
1	die ethnographisch anthropologische abtheilung des museum godeffroy.
1	her mother introduced her to this sport.
1	he moved to racine wisconsin in 1880.
1	they married on september 6 in geneva.
1	judith's courage and charm occasion his death.
1	dandenikumbura is a village in sri lanka.
1	dialogues became very popular of this movie.
1	nasi timbel later evolved to nasi bakar.
1	the commercial court handles all commercial disputes.
1	coal consumption was four tons per day.
1	russell wrote pulp fiction in the 1930s.
1	as of 2005 it has 14 buildings.
1	wainwright identified as gay while a teenager.
1	this proposal is accepted by daisuke shibata.
1	the season started on 30 march 2019.
1	for many animal species environmental factors keep.
1	the east forms the boundary with bangladesh.
1	trond is a norwegian male given name.
1	the ingelheimer aue was originally an island.
1	its elevation is about above sea level.
1	the village has a population of 80.
1	a swedish scientist philosopher politician and theologian.
1	he also became a methodist episcopal minister.
1	she makes attempts to revive their love.
1	for reference haji was at 1428:crimea 1429?
1	it airs an adult album alternative format.
1	we have abused the gifts of god.
1	the village has a population of 58.
1	half of horne's troops had been killed.
1	he joined the republican party in 1855.
1	the village has a population of 270.
1	african lovegrass is mildly suited to grazing.
1	they were supported by hounds and tripwires.
1	he studied mathematics and physics in vienna.
1	in 1292 a fulling mill is mentioned.
1	the platforms feature decals by ugo nespolo.
1	the 1970s were rautavaara's most productive period.
1	the name changed to merchants distributors inc.
1	fred schneider sings a brief backing vocal.
1	it dates at least to the neolithic.
1	it supported a scientific expedition in antarctica.
1	the fruit are between blue and green.
1	the frame dwelling is sheathed in weatherboard.
1	he played college football at west virginia.
1	he was waived on august 31 2018.
1	corbelled roof closed by a small slab.
1	there were 57 bracelet events that year.
1	play continues until all cards are gone.
1	a woman riding a tauntaun finds them.
1	he also works as a patent lawyer.
1	he was the first of five children.
1	chapters were scheduled to be released weekly.
1	and so arnold is left alone again.
1	the film received positive reviews from critics.
1	the village has a population of 196.
1	she was commissioned on 1 june 1990.
1	she was most probably born in rome.
1	die seelischen und geistigen untergrunde des sports.
1	below are release dates and varieties developed.
1	however these did not introduce air scouts.
1	who's afraid of the old testament god?
1	he did not seek reelection in 2014.
1	sorata is forced to become mashiro's caretaker.
1	it has been in operation since 2000.
1	appointed a special pension of national importance.
1	the poultry industry was of some significance.
1	hoplias brasiliensis is a species of trahiras.
1	this article lists electoral firsts in guernsey.
1	the heaviest living animals are all whales.
1	fifth-seeded brad gilbert won the singles title.
1	otherwise i won't come home at all.
1	characterization of ethanol response on chromosome 11.
1	sumitra devi kasdekar is an indian politician.
1	it soon completely conquered the southern ming.
1	these each played another double round-robin schedule.
1	albert thomas pointing superintendent queensland police force.
1	the list did not win any mandates.
1	the largest tubercles are on the flanks.
1	the film was a box office flop.
1	it is found in the amazon basin.
1	botit6 belongs to the buthidae neurotoxin family.
1	it saw the reelection of pete saenz.
1	events from the year 2005 in denmark.
1	the district population was 14,747 in 2020.
1	the orbital period is approximately 44 years.
1	the club lasted until the late 1950s.
1	the building takes an irregular trapezoidal shape.
1	mona adilman ed. kingston: quarry press 1989.
1	the peabody name was no longer used.
1	they necessarily involve continuing flows of energy.
1	d. both from carnegie mellon university (cmu).
1	in 2003 tourism-related expenditures amounted to c$7.
1	his second book was published in 2012.
1	walls vertical with one huge roofing slab.
1	ealhswith is very obscure in contemporary sources.
1	bobartia fasciculata gillett ex strid opera bot.
1	lunel was a centre of jewish learning.
1	it is probably a cladistically basal heslerodid.
1	roscoea wardii is a perennial herbaceous plant.
1	h5n1 is an influenza a virus subtype.
1	you have to get off the fence.
1	seven of these participants earned olympic medals.
1	sayid's governor failed to break thru perekop.
1	eirenis persicus has a wide distribution range.
1	in 1453 the ottoman turks captured constantinople.
1	it was built from 1916 to 1917.
1	the latest tally (october 2017) is 305.
1	robert cummings as jonathan 'johnny' reynolds jr.
1	adaptive instruction is offered through therapeutic adventures.
1	it burned down twice in its history.
1	the studio spent around $10million for promotion.
1	harding died april 23 1921 in pittsfield.
1	bigi is married and has three children.
1	it was designed by eric w. hall.
1	malerkotla is situated on delhi-jakhal-dhuri-ludhiana railway line.
1	he took up guitar at age 12.
1	in 1904 he was promoted to commander.
1	for conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty.
1	they are strong with a long body.
1	the form westergaard is an uncommon cognate.
1	gee samuel dr. on the coeliac affection.
1	in 2007 he signed for leicester tigers.
1	no explanation has been offered to date.
1	the panthers competed in the gator bowl.
1	tolkien is based on an imaginary book.
1	nevertheless the famous colors always look beautiful.
1	one hundred days of pain and sleeplessness.
1	british military airport castel benito in operation.
1	the format of this competition fluctuated insignificantly.
1	also the colours have been assigned name's.
1	zwei neue papilioformen von der salomo-insel bougainville.
1	air cover was promised but never arrived.
1	it was described by straneo in 1956.
1	by 1952 it contained about 3000 species.
1	fulton took its name from fulton county.
1	the winners were announced january 14 2015.
1	he served as u.s. attorney until 1861.
1	she achieved a fina b-cut of 1:02.
1	in 2017 the commune had 489 inhabitants.
1	this turned out to be extremely lucrative.
1	langgaard is a surname of danish origin.
1	they also retained all four diesel engines.
1	for services to amateur boxing in scotland.
1	in the season finale for all time.
1	he was beaten and stabbed to death.
1	early alco road-switcher locomotives used this technology.
1	the state-operated jamestown ferry service is toll-free.
1	published by the spanish ministry of culture.
1	walker lenore e. (1979) the battered woman.
1	the plan is also called metro 5.
1	a brick courthouse was completed in 1833.
1	yuwen zhi was soon captured and executed.
1	i didn't inhale chisenhale gallery london 1997.
1	claisebrook depot which is next to claisebrook.
1	ukrainian venezuelans are venezuelans of ukrainian heritage.
1	in spring 574 empress dowager chinu died.
1	at dusk it forages for ripe fruit.
1	the acquisition was completed in june 1995.
1	center for international and strategic affairs ucla.
1	he was the first suffragan of louisiana.
1	william byron is the defending race winner.
1	it is found in california united states.
1	guy arnold died on 4 january 2020.
1	thus began a long collaboration and friendship.
1	a well known technique is dimensional analysis.
1	in 1931 he permanently settled in ascona.
1	hindu and jain sites appear rather later.
1	she has no memorial beyond her art.
1	both costs and benefits can be diverse.
1	be a part of the marvel world.
1	what i write is what i write.
1	spr continued to work for prisoners' rights.
1	nine people were killed in the attacks.
1	she married count pavel sergeevich stroganoff (1823-1911).
1	again we consider first reversible classical computation.
1	finally in 1977 they confirmed smith's theory.
1	version 1.1 releases in maven repositories 2006-09.
1	sitting members are shown in bold text.
1	the reds had other hurdles to overcome.
1	the project is planned by mercury energy.
1	holland was born in fayetteville north carolina.
1	participation is smaller and without major athletes.
1	he never qualified for the final round.
1	gabon maintains an embassy in new delhi.
1	do you live near the toxic 100?
1	its government lasted just over two years.
1	there are 33 locks on the canal.
1	moragahaulpota is a village in sri lanka.
1	morphospaces also lack a dimension of fitness.
1	however he never reached significant polling numbers.
1	xue rengao was himself forced to surrender.
1	the snake is found in the philippines.
1	see model transformation language for further information.
1	its first chairman was kabi nabinchandra sen.
1	they are a class of electromagnetic metamaterials.
1	the official language of brazil is portuguese.
1	its capital is the city of trapani.
1	religious elements are common in their songs.
1	leaves are usually alternate on the stems.
1	rafi was very impressed by her singing.
1	he played college football at oregon state.
1	he usually plays as a blindside flanker.
1	these are separate disorders that require treatment.
1	lieutenant commander timothy ian hildesley royal navy.
1	there are ensignia of the 'marian cult'.
1	lieutenant commander brian ross knipe royal navy.
1	icechat supports different encoding for each server.
1	the strike was never officially called off.
1	the luria family claims descent from rashi.
1	it is raymond k. wong's debut novel.
1	the village has a population of 250.
1	the settlement has a population of 33.
1	the ftc did not impose any sanctions.
1	the woman died of a broken neck.
1	he served on 9 standing senate committees.
1	they mainly inhabit in dense forest region.
1	prostitution was a separate category of crime.
1	the x-files has inspired three video games.
1	the mountain also streams via its website.
1	the team is coached by kallie noble.
1	march to washington d.c. via richmond va.
1	doctors have the right to conscientious objection.
1	properties are mostly used for inter-client communication.
1	it is a product of placespeak inc.
1	xiv that he never trusted that device.
1	all of the 999 copies were burnt.
1	you've got to follow your own path.
1	pigliucci suggests we abandon wrightian fitness landscapes.
1	comments cannot appear before the xml declaration.
1	the spire was destroyed by the fire.
1	the china squad consisted of 21 players.
1	trapani became the provincial capital in 1817.
1	the village has a population of 70.
1	woodfull started his final english campaign slowly.
1	reviews of the book were generally positive.
1	schlesinger sold his studio to warner bros.
1	the engine was also from the ca770.
1	see list of civil parishes in hertfordshire.
1	abe also learns that bruttenholm is dying.
1	the population was 3 as of 2010.
1	a leader of the tzavellas souliote clan.
1	she was commissioned on 12 january 2018.
1	soth liked the work of diane arbus.
1	barfoot died at winchester hampshire in 1889.
1	it ended after 3 seasons on air.
1	it was described by rebel in 1905.
1	they had four sons and four daughters.
1	petzold was born in zwickau in 1951.
1	it was described by turner in 1919.
1	arthur hugh hoole president the law society.
1	details about teixeira's life are very sparse.
1	her father was president of hahn's shoes.
1	robson walton former chairman of walmart inc.
1	hall departed to become a professional wrestler.
1	marko hietala produced the vocals of ari.
1	valentin grischenko science school obstetrics and gynecology.
1	this led to him losing the bout.
1	the building was then converted into stores.
1	standing at he plays both guards positions.
1	annabelle candy purchased the cardinet candy co.
1	recreational kayaks are generally used for fishing.
1	the wealth of listeners reaches to 100%.
1	he retired from the bench in 1932.
1	they are orange to yellowish-orange in color.
1	the ship was broken up in 1959.
1	it was her first ever career podium.
1	juan francisco lombardo 86 argentine football player.
1	nebo is a neighborhood in struthers ohio.
1	chinese taipei has entered a men's team.
1	he enjoys hiking as well as sports.
1	lili was born in paris in 1921.
1	the renaissance winged altar dates from 1588.
1	they also were preferred by the mongols.
1	his brother takahanada is the runner up.
1	kakeyama station opened on october 28 1912.
1	passover haminados are prepared with similar methods.
1	the club has an active social calendar.
1	ethnicity made a difference in agricultural practice.
1	the film was released by warner bros.
1	in october 2018 india signed a us$5.
1	a joint russian-british art project called conversion.
1	a penumbral lunar eclipse on 30 november.
1	cf. passio probi tarachi et andrinici,bhg 1574.
1	she learned barrel racing from her father.
1	in his lecture entitled: a better nation?
1	it was played immediately after the remember.
1	alexander armstrong comedian descended from the family.
1	the gunmen escaped in the getaway car.
1	thinniyagala is a village in sri lanka.
1	this marine species occurs off new caledonia.
1	it is native to the atlantic ocean.
1	this chicane is used only for motorcycles.
1	his last name was typically pronounced ah-gear-ee.
1	furnishings in american walnut bronze lighting fixtures.
1	the main is located in banjara hills.
1	rankings reflect that of the ap poll.
1	residents voted to become part of alabama.
1	the airport had 403,313 passengers in 2018.
1	he was hired out of real networks.
1	icechat includes a mechanism to add plugins.
1	some offer suitable protection for small yachts.
1	weragantota is a village in sri lanka.
1	sergeant-piper t. aitken argyll and sutherland highlanders.
1	its school colors are black and gold.
1	humans' behavior is affected by framing effects.
1	somchai wongsawat 26th prime minister of thailand.
1	it addresses the universal challenges adolescents face.
1	on january 5 at new year dash!
1	the party publishes the al hiwar newspaper.
1	local people collect and eat the fruit.
1	evidence of the date is not definitive.
1	produced by piet souer and martin duiser.
1	flood's official medal of honor citation follows.
1	raymond also expounded on his government philosophy.
1	his policy was opposed by adam smith.
1	in 2004 both founded the band aerials.
1	former qin conquers former yan in china.
1	they lost in the semi-finals to clarkson.
1	he died in addenbrooke's hospital in cambridge.
1	flight lieutenant timothy almond royal air force.
1	loren legarda was number one in 2007.
1	kealy was born in sydney in 1902.
1	lake hubert has the zip code 56459.
1	the night watch of the tradesmen continued.
1	negotiates price on behalf of the sellers.
1	desperate spaces premiered on january 1 2008.
1	the album was produced by ben varon.
1	it was described by bates in 1885.
1	darnaway estate has acres of hardwood forests.
1	asare is a surname and first name.
1	johnny rodriguez is another latin country star.
1	the worcester cold storage and warehouse co.
1	his wife survived him by ten years.
1	the village has a population of 167.
1	harris did not stand for parliament again.
1	it was described by lane in 1966.
1	zschech was replaced as commander by oblt.
1	insignie reliquie schicksalsspeer edited by franz kirchweger.
1	he later had a phd at ucla.
1	hebblethwaite was a man of charming personality.
1	her films include room at the top.
1	this irish ancestry has not been proven.
1	temp sergeant p. d. jones australian infantry.
1	pebbles volume 26: the continent lashes back!
1	the event takes place once a year.
1	it was officially declared township in 1966.
1	there were other occasional sermons and tractates.
1	ho graduated from grinnell college in 2009.
1	dom uses mapex drums and sabian cymbals.
1	north seekonk is located at (41.892199 71.328174).
1	the marsh owl has a fragmented distribution.
1	the second half featured two relentless defenses.
1	the show ran from 1993 to 2011.
1	mohammed abdellaoue scored for the losing side.
1	boomer grigsby's switch from linebacker to fullback.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	it was described by breuning in 1960.
1	nrk has 12 regional offices around norway.
1	this is a 7-inch extended play record.
1	pebbles volume 19: the continent lashes back!
1	the youngest daughter is alexandra brazgovka designer.
1	each division is administrated by a commissioner.
1	ancestral spirits are also referred as anitos.
1	the programs handouts and videos were published.
1	he earned almost $70,000 for that championship.
1	nasho kamungeremu 34 zimbabwean golfer heart attack.
1	the clutch finally packed up after 11am.
1	stanton took to his work with haste.
1	fournier became le nationaliste's editor in 1908.
1	thereafter he opted to join the ina.
1	she foundered in a storm in 1761.
1	major (quartermaster) albert victor smith coidstream guards.
1	kathryn louise burn finished as the runner-up.
1	it can be entered through the crypt.
1	schuh also worked at the vienna burgtheater.
1	a ledger is a record of accounts.
1	winners of the state are in bold.
1	animal husbandry is the main economic sector.
1	under his care 26 chelmsford patients died.
1	carr and murray later argued that oh!
1	kutani station opened on march 1 1912.
1	these exhibits are in the main building.
1	the process varies from state to state.
1	they made their headquarters the spencer house.
1	in 2011 he did not contest elections.
1	he missed the fifth due to injury.
1	they suffered little from the great persecution.
1	he won the konex award from argentina.
1	quintus titius triumvir monetalis in 90 bc.
1	it was followed by operation squeeze play.
1	it is a mammal and a herbivore.
1	the show aired monday to wednesday evenings.
1	moss lane school is an infants school.
1	barakat started his career in the 1960s.
1	lagos is divorced and has four children.
1	since then it has undergone further improvements.
1	rabbi nosson scherman is the general editor.
1	his successor was king xuan of qi.
1	musician david usher released the song st.
1	she returned to the station in 1990.
1	he was twice married leaving a widow.
1	a 100-foot baurua was built in 1939.
1	each player has two face-down character cards.
1	august 2 1984: completion of campus construction.
1	the population was 1,814 in 2001 census.
1	he is also a director of impel.
1	he married a depauw classmate ivy white.
1	she graduated from utrecht university in 1976.
1	currently the secretary is dennis r. schrader.
1	the population was 4 as of 2010.
1	he played at the small forward position.
1	there are 57 offices as of 2017.
1	essex won the game by 42 runs.
1	on 6 december 1942 mosquitos from nos.
1	the park opened on february 4 2017.
1	barry hills commented i was very impressed.
1	wully grasps the situation with masterful promptness.
1	she was co-champion at cheyenne frontier days.
1	the royal navy purchased her in 1807.
1	he was succeeded by his brother guy.
1	he is the author of four books.
1	carbon attack was suggested by rudolf criegee.
1	the revised version was printed in 1639.
1	the seatings are divided into three sections.
1	however he added that they're all marginals.
1	mcalister earned a kiwi trial in 1989.
1	he joined the group during the depression.
1	the other teams entered the preliminary round.
1	he emphasized the ethics of the way.
1	karketu dili is the current defending champions.
1	the third symphony is in four movements.
1	in 1730 he designed the 50-gun diamant.
1	he joined the resistance against nazi occupation.
1	control directives are later added to ssi.
1	he was buried there in brookside cemetery.
1	it degrades to lithium fluoride and difluorocarbene.
1	in 1986 commercial training institute was established.
1	there was no reason given for this.
1	exhibition of series deserted city in osaka.
1	he also wrote and illustrated children's literature.
1	located on benham avenue in green hills.
1	the second object is an object complement.
1	molina to accompany them to the presidio.
1	and this is not the only team.
1	it was fought on july 7 1882.
1	danko registered for re-election on 26 may.
1	it grows in forest and scrub habitat.
1	for services to international irrigation and drainage.
1	the village has a population of 210.
1	satellite is provided by directv dish network.
1	construction was financed by the massey foundation.
1	men's clubs and prostitution began to appear.
1	the rest of the district is residential.
1	mavimbela is from umkhanyakude in northern kwazulu-natal.
1	the national assembly consisted of 300 members.
1	one more year london : portobello 2010.
1	his wife eva died may 24 1631.
1	steven l. schwarcz is an american lawyer.
1	alan trammell is selected the series mvp.
1	they do however contain soy and milk.
1	landers explained i knew a little bit.
1	use that kid more often modern family.
1	this species is endemic to costa rica.
1	its headquarters are located in mungyeong gyeongsangbuk-do.
1	lieutenant vivian home thomson royal field artillery.
1	they either die or sustain serious injuries.
1	anirudha was born to pradyumna and rukmavati.
1	its population was 972 in december 2017.
1	he was educated in bangalore and gwalior.
1	the instrument is golden literally and figuratively.
1	library of brigham young university provo utah.
1	he has 3 international caps for zambia.
1	it comes from lebkuchen or honey-sweetened gingerbread.
1	it is now occupied by headquarters rsme.
1	he is product of dnipro sportive school.
1	he served as reserve judge in 1882.
1	passenger lists have been made available online.
1	he played in the 2019 all-american bowl.
1	rhodes was born in council grove kansas.
1	in essential functions the film is austrian.
1	word-initial and word-final or do not occur.
1	blessed be the name of the lord!
1	the paper was published mostly in yiddish.
1	however destiny had other plans for manimekalai.
1	this room became a popular tourist destination.
1	they erected a small monastic cell there.
1	she has a body measurements of 90-61-91.
1	lombardini manufactures air and liquid-cooled diesel engines.
1	the list includes 21 districts of jharkhand.
1	knightley eventually realize they are in love.
1	the length of his reign is unknown.
1	burkman won the fight via split decision.
1	it was approximately two miles in length.
1	his first professional contract was with split.
1	linkletter was born in moose jaw saskatchewan.
1	vol 7: mozart idomeneo overture symphonies nos.
1	replaced bonaqua bonactive in the early 2010s.
1	so that is a compliment to me.
1	children had to be given christian names.
1	meristation highly praised ryo's older persona mr.
1	she received several rewards for her work.
1	pratap singh bhagel was an indian politician.
1	he had flown over 250 combat sorties.
1	he also served as the team's barber.
1	a barn at the manor burns down.
1	the company was renamed acer in 1987.
1	it contains middlesex suffolk and worcester counties.
1	this is book of seven short stories.
1	the new border passed across aras river.
1	two subterranean levels complete the spatial program.
1	the medals were determined in the final.
1	youth ambassador for greenline africa since 2014.
1	the place was originally an ojibwe settlement.
1	meanwhile the wind and waves had risen.
1	member advisory board of essential solutions inc.
1	they lived first in chobham in surrey.
1	after this the stadium fell into disrepair.
1	zulfiqar hussain chairman of raeburn energy limited.
1	it was made by associated talking pictures.
1	hanguranketa is a village in sri lanka.
1	in 1847 james fawcett was resident there.
1	e.s.f (economics support fund) built in 1985.
1	founded in 1889 by jacob a. bartles.
1	both are traversed by the appalachian trail.
1	the average act composite score was 27.
1	the later improved model is called 903a.
1	initially the runners head eastwards to tervuren.
1	this incident also involves the family honour.
1	the couple married on july 7 1935.
1	the area is very beautiful and picturesque.
1	she was born in bremen in 1850.
1	this discovery was met by fan uproar.
1	but he really said that for fun.
1	these pre-columbian settlements created highly developed civilizations.
1	the top layer is morrison formation caprock.
1	baker p. (2010) sociolinguistics and corpus linguistics.
1	during the 1920s numerous osage were murdered.
1	murphy was waived on november 26 2013.
1	direct descendant of frederick i of sweden.
1	the film deals with the electra complex.
1	table games began operating in june 2013.
1	they sing in both english and welsh.
1	debevoise now owns 50% of the company.
1	raisins can cause kidney failure in dogs.
1	the club remained in the west division.
1	it was released on january 15 2004.
1	during the eocene rodents began to diversify.
1	stamina mc used both rapping and vocalizing.
1	he was buried in poughkeepsie rural cemetery.
1	the business area was the whole emea.
1	oxford new york: oxford university press 2019.
1	without recovering consciousness he died at 6am.
1	students were then moved to the courtyard.
1	for services to handicapped children in christchurch.
1	for chronicles fairly minor revisions were made.
1	in 1890 it reported with 244 residents.
1	thomas suffered tragedy at a young age.
1	daruvar is located in the bjelovar-bilogora county.
1	despite sickles's pleas buchanan declined to intervene.
1	it was described by straneo in 1993.
1	it also reached number 5 in canada.
1	godapussa is a village in sri lanka.
1	in hispania tensions have reached boiling point.
1	the columella is strong and somewhat twisted.
1	orchard's original confession has never been released.
1	eberle was not injured on the play.
1	it is a tributary of spencer creek.
1	the population was 27 as of 2010.
1	the song impacted radio on september 16.
1	in 980 they struck again seizing isfijab.
1	they performed live on jimmy kimmel live!
1	he knows how to hit a drum.
1	baker p. (2017) american and british english.
1	godamuna is a village in sri lanka.
1	among his doctorate students was axel ockenfels.
1	the tennessee-north carolina border crosses its summit.
1	new haven and london: yale university press.
1	for services to patients in military hospitals.
1	in 1992 he was appointed associate professor.
1	the stipe is white with dark scabers.
1	females have two pairs of inguinal teats.
1	the first graduating class was in 2003.
1	lykins was born in franklin county virginia.
1	he played college football at western illinois.
1	there were also several less well-known members.
1	he died in yorkville illinois aged 87.
1	the system was totally digitized in 1995.
1	he played college football at washington state.
1	management personnel would be involved in decision-making.
1	little is known of jackson's personal life.
1	later covered by elvis and many others.
1	monoclinic with straight extinction and high birefringence.
1	they will be competing in ligue 1.
1	the mc cars have one lozenge-type pantograph.
1	he is also a qualified chartered accountant.
1	he subsequently served at the hanlin academy.
1	regarded as a four-star recruit by rivals.
1	atrial bradycardias are divided into three types.
1	the breed is prone to skin disorders.
1	many modern spreadsheets still retain this option.
1	on the august 26 episode of impact!
1	it was described by mitchell in 1930.
1	spreadsheets are a popular end-user development tool.
1	allocated to nfl europe during the off-season.
1	they have two daughters sophia and anna.
1	she was allocated to the boston breakers.
1	the monastery follows the patristic julian calendar.
1	however she remained in all three posts.
1	donald alfred moody chairman moody homes ltd.
1	he narrates the series for the audience.
1	he also founded the canadian secular alliance.
1	the ventral radiator bath was also enlarged.
1	paulo brenna the italian consul in seattle.
1	randolph was born in lunenburg county virginia.
1	the sequel premiered on november 25 2021.
1	the post eventually went to pj o'hare.
1	fresco by dionisius from the ferapontov monastery.
1	it has a population of about 300.
1	he is protective of his private life.
1	now its economy specializes in fine mechanics.
1	the population was 272 as of 2010.
1	kurt felix 71 swiss television presenter thymoma.
1	its 1901 circulation was just over 1,000.
1	during this time he also studied surveying.
1	the electric reliability council of texas inc.
1	in 2009 the park opened to public.
1	members of the cpa are listed below.
1	there are several computer centers and ngos.
1	they were married on october 26 1963.
1	likewise his great encyclopedia of the mythology.
1	the soundtrack was composed by v. sridhar.
1	achievement level 2 students show partial command.
1	carlos loiseau 63 argentine cartoonist colorectal cancer.
1	warda al-jazairia 72 algerian singer cardiac arrest.
1	dwight bentel 103 american journalist and professor.
1	it belonged under petseri county (estonian: petserimaa).
1	two weeks later the archbishop also died.
1	nan giese 90 australian educator and artist.
1	he signed for one-a-half-year until june 2008.
1	soundtrack was composed by s. s. kumaran.
1	dietrich fischer-dieskau 86 german baritone and conductor.
1	justo justo 70 filipino columnist and politician.
1	xavier provides an ipad for each student.
1	in 1985 the journal absorbed arizona medicine.
1	cardinal de richelieu destroyed it in 1626.
1	it is sometimes display in public aquaria.
1	example 2: a child has bad grades.
1	and pete is a million times better.
1	we come from long and cruel confrontations.
1	southwest airlines allowed donations of customer awards.
1	the buildings also include a private chapel.
1	we all worked for the same thing.
1	commanding officer of r-24 and s-16 1918-1922.
1	he was also a salford police commissioner.
1	it was aired on april 10 2013.
1	he studied law at university of giessen.
1	he was depicted along with robert fulton.
1	park won the fight by unanimous decision.
1	the earliest known magician's wax is beeswax.
1	state road 73 curves to the northwest.
1	devastated during the war of thirty years.
1	at marseille zenden struggled for regular football.
1	the opponent was repulsed the position held.
1	the 2008 season also saw several problems.
1	third the threat from agriculture is increasing.
1	he made six appearances for each club.
1	to encourage self-reporting and monitoring of exercise.
1	the intelligentsia should be aware of this.
1	reality and capitalism are stronger than anything.
1	in 1902 the museum was renamed kaiser-friedrich-museum.
1	slanter soon caught up with him though.
1	historically the village is part of cumberland.
1	he was given the number 30 jersey.
1	as a refractory (e.g. in jet engines).
1	butch vig musician songwriter and record producer.
1	motoboli was the deputy minister of education.
1	cilmi has been compared to amy winehouse.
1	the line was severed for five days.
1	fats was notorious for his spontaneous wit.
1	compulsory education sometimes extends to age 19.
1	on june 20 he left the team.
1	they provide tours guides accommodation and facilities.
1	it is native to europe and japan.
1	this is often not seen by people.
1	griffith recommended a new actress bessie love.
1	charmed life the guardian 4 november 2009.
1	both semi-finals and finals are one-legged fixtures.
1	keith decandido reviewed the episode for tor.
1	the song was produced by frank dukes.
1	king slowly lost interest in the band.
1	jpmorgan chase donated and encouraged employee involvement.
1	development is direct without free-living tadpole stage.
1	the village has a population of 55.
1	he was released on august 31 2021.
1	all spiraxidae are thought to be carnivorous.
1	the most-produced variant designated the fb mk.
1	they composed music for several films further.
1	several other personal references are also incorporated.
1	there are 26 described species in ululodes.
1	morvan in 1905 owned by colin young.
1	hazard was then sent back to britain.
1	gen. pope and his army of virginia.
1	miss june rosemary whitfield (mrs aitchison) actress.
1	in 1942 he became a cpi whole-timer.
1	during the season ryan made ten appearances.
1	he co-founded baobab press with irene staunton.
1	roger bland first secretary h.m. embassy kuwait.
1	a piano was provided for passenger use.
1	she became a chiefess by this marriage.
1	we've seen so many revolutions and wars.
1	the shells are worn inside the bra.
1	he worked at bishop's school in nelson.
1	sr 73 branches off to the northwest.
1	bolshoye mikhalyovo is the nearest rural locality.
1	this distortion is commonly found in perfectionists.
1	there are no schools in jobs gate.
1	d. from university of illinois in 1970.
1	the brigade arrived after the axis surrender.
1	the team's lead sigfridsson assumed skipping duties.
1	the deployments of cvw-6 are listed below.
1	his lived a life of disciplined yogi.
1	poplar island is very close to it.
1	sawiri is an agriculture and service-oriented town.
1	however both television projects were never produced.
1	los ebanos is located at (26.243665 98.561039).
1	afterwards it was closed again for expansion.
1	piano trio no.2 in d minor op.
1	the family escaped before the bombs exploded.
1	he was educated at trinity college dublin.
1	the specific name dongi honours dong zhiming.
1	dances of initiation for concert band op.
1	robert k. crane and t. hastings wilson.
1	in 2001 there were about 175 residents.
1	on an interview with the website cbr.
1	played in don't be an idiot general!
1	in 2011 arnold was awarded a ph.
1	in 1929 he lived in washington square.
1	they were members of the presbyterian church.
1	after the army steiner returned to zagreb.
1	murong yun was declared the heavenly prince.
1	keith ellison also a dfler replaced him.
1	in the revived sci-fi series 'doctor who'.
1	peppino spadaro (1898-1950) was an italian actor.
1	hunde mitzubringen ist erlaubt: ein literarischer salon.
1	the scheme was to play it safe.
1	hawthorn was opened sometime in the 1910s.
1	at nearly four hours what's your raashee?
1	stevens signed with mercury records in 1961.
1	florian zimmer is a noted german-born magician.
1	this marine species occurs off the philippines.
1	derges attended at the kirkwood high school.
1	they live chiefly in its larger towns.
1	he also kept defeating several sasanian counter-attacks.
1	she departed on-screen on 22 august 2014.
1	chris sanders as belt guy's pet sloth.
1	they all then resigned from the board.
1	that's something that might come up later.
1	the village has a population of 1,321.
1	the political thought of the king's mirror.
1	his hit of the season was orlando.
1	he was the 11th of 12 children.
1	she was completed on 5 may 1927.
1	i worked that case for thirteen years.
1	karp lives in grafton county new hampshire.
1	the population was 417 as of 2010.
1	he won the august 28 republican primary.
1	in turn they were granted special liberties.
1	gen. james h. ledlie's division both failed.
1	research suggests that bioluminescence in euplokamis sp.
1	for a complete list see metallica discography.
1	the music video premiered the same date.
1	the judges again awarded jacob court costs.
1	the show has since appeared on dvd.
1	velaphi was born in perth western australia.
1	the 1988 model year saw several changes.
1	kenda creasy dean ed. (nashville: abingdon 2010).
1	he was born in soveja vrancea county.
1	it is endemic to the bismarck archipelago.
1	they won several competitions with this program.
1	ufva also administers the american documentary showcase.
1	intuit completed the acquisition of competitor mint.
1	auerbach was the author of seven books.
1	he served two more years in prison.
1	the city's population in 1875 was 14,156.
1	many species in the family are epiphytic.
1	despite past efforts it remains dilapidated today.
1	the plot moves in fits and starts.
1	and he sent forth a dove op.
1	niehans joined the swiss army in 1912.
1	matt cohen 56 canadian writer lung cancer.
1	mln vol. 116 no. 4 french issue.
1	kate dunwoody hall minneapolis 1882 or 1883.
1	he is currently signed to jeter promotions.
1	a series of fish ponds were created.
1	for cognitivists emotions involve judgments or beliefs.
1	stolze published under the pseudonym of sperontes.
1	the habitat consists of upper montane forests.
1	romero has won one itf doubles title.
1	in 2008 he moved to paok thessaloniki.
1	her group was called psychanalyse et politique.
1	the krater which stands at 78 cm.
1	independent observations eventually proved she was correct.
1	tommy was eliminated with only two points.
1	gilchrist's son malduin was father to parlan.
1	he has unsuccessfully applied for swedish citizenship.
1	gibbs amputated and kept the man's finger.
1	warnock had pre-season ankle surgery in 2009.
1	a priest-monk is sometimes called a hieromonk.
1	minami e hashire umi no michi o!
1	it is monotypic within the genus cloeotis.
1	they have two kids: sophia and rhett.
1	it is found in papua new guinea.
1	the track reached no. 31 in britain.
1	ranjith a former assistant of venkat prabhu.
1	he called on pakistan to arrest them.
1	it is a tributary to lollars creek.
1	the italian invasion found him in tirana.
1	it was released on february 11 1989.
1	it is located at 201 west broadway.
1	bram has since been released from prison.
1	the walls are thoroughly covered with images.
1	blom lives and writes periodically in andalusia.
1	young graduated in 1917 as class valedictorian.
1	charges in the matter were eventually dropped.
1	it spent 10 weeks on the charts.
1	get behind the team in the playoffs.
1	this is gateaux differentiable at (0 0).
1	the austrians also retreated to their encampment.
1	the tuba concerto consists of three movements.
1	she died of pneumonia three weeks later.
1	higher giant released two eps in 2009.
1	its natural habitats are rivers and lagoons.
1	the nitinat natives slaughtered the spanish expedition.
1	i don't think he's a murderous person.
1	bhama kalapam marks priyamani's first web film.
1	robert k. crane and eric g. ball.
1	this is partly for pragmatic political reasons.
1	they divorced in 2019 but remained close.
1	it is distinct from torres strait creole.
1	he was married and had two daughters.
1	during the first winter several changes occurred.
1	in the film marius is the leader.
1	in tours the code is strictly followed.
1	culpepper island is sparsely overgrown and uninhabited.
1	in 973 otto ii granted their request.
1	sean is like a brother to me.
1	it got delayed 26 or 27 years.
1	this item is assessed as archaeologically rare.
1	they were organized into the double-a northeast.
1	however pius declined to make an appointment.
1	it was disbanded on 1 april 1946.
1	the first greek telephone directory is published.
1	some sourcebooks also have custom decal sets.
1	the lesions may spontaneously appear and wane.
1	soler was kidnapped on 2 march 1976.
1	however the album version was recorded first.
1	muslims are more concentrated in urban areas.
1	events from the year 1911 in italy.
1	all matches were best of 9 frames.
1	the 2012 race was held on sept.
1	rose however did not win the match.
1	his aggressive performance is his strong point.
1	ibrahim in 1940 at moradabad uttar pradesh.
1	steven n. durlauf and lawrence e. blume.
1	it is entered through a gopuram gateway.
1	she is now pursuing her solo career.
1	winnetou and old firehand (1966) as toma.
1	the drakes' two dogs are also bitten.
1	he was definitively more shocked than hurt.
1	the coughing throughout the song is real.
1	on july 28 2012 tv5 network inc.
1	she competed in the 2010 commonwealth games.
1	patrick lynch supervisor northern ireland forest service.
1	they operate the fan club for shiori.
1	it extends about from west to east.
1	he was hurt in a work accident.
1	the series is divided into several subtypes.
1	megan states that heather's message is old.
1	it invests both inside and outside china.
1	the search engine for this was ackseer.
1	csk lost the game by 24 runs.
1	the latter was his home england debut.
1	it starred joanna vanderham and emun elliott.
1	communities at least partly within the parish.
1	he was arrested and sent to trial.
1	regulation and supervision of the payment system.
1	major industries include agriculture and matchbox manufacturing.
1	the exporting of ambergris was especially lucrative.
1	the school began as an all-boys school.
1	hossein makki iranian politician orator and historian.
1	it's the greatest-hits package that doubt deserve.
1	the level of transferrin decreases in inflammation.
1	his political party was indian national congress.
1	this station does not have inter-city service.
1	he did not qualify for the semifinals.
1	he was general secretary of state v.d.os.
1	the government launches its citizen's charter campaign.
1	in 1870 he married annie m. banta.
1	this performance went viral in the netherlands.
1	hakim was persona non grata in iran.
1	the film has musical score by shyam.
1	the town has a population of 1,303.
1	by order of the board of directors.
1	he is buried in brompton cemetery london.
1	his civil service career began in parallel.
1	he was an admiral of the fleet.
1	william coolahan was an australian soccer player.
1	in the mid-1980's the cannon group inc.
1	the temple canteen was established in 1993.
1	it had gained widespread acceptance by 1900.
1	for 2015 the prize purse was $100,000.
1	the film received mixed reviews from critics.
1	pedinomonadaceae is a family of green algae.
1	when the national mah jongg league inc.
1	it stars brian keith and tony curtis.
1	it is not open to the public.
1	he was called with four other newcomers.
1	an internal bus was re-introduced in 2020.
1	won in 1957 1964 1978 1979 1980.
1	the differences listed below are not exhaustive.
1	it ended with the run with $9,759,200.
1	for example can be divided into two.
1	the episode aired on january 11 2010.
1	title 7 refers to the autonomous regions.
1	bruce ackerman professor of law yale university.
1	title 6 refers to the constitutional court.
1	he was later charged with dangerous driving.
1	demographic map of the golan heights legend.
1	he also attended school in london ontario.
1	in 1862 henrietta opened its post office.
1	there are many types of vascular headaches.
1	he was released on december 5 2019.
1	tresidder died in 1951 at little bay.
1	inducted bass fishing hall of fame 2001.
1	it is understood that tong will appeal.
1	formal discipline is administered by congregation elders.
1	there will be 13 runs by 2022.
1	hey nigger believing he had lost communication.
1	won espn's greatest angler debate in 2005.
1	manisha is a graduate of bundelkhand university.
1	this method is detailed in astm d287.
1	nanna nudi (my words) his first poem.
1	ron ramsey 49th lieutenant governor of tennessee.
1	dreamweb had two releases on the amiga.
1	dogs are not permitted at this park.
1	genetic perspectives on human origins and differentiation.
1	sugiyama won the fight by an armbar.
1	brett whiteley 53 australian artist drug overdose.
1	it is now at chateau-musee boulogne-sur-mer france.
1	shrewsbury was readily employed in charles' court.
1	larson ran 11 xfinity races in 2017.
1	the voivodeship and municipal public library dr.
1	tierney never forgot his acts of kindness.
1	the school follows cbse standard of education.
1	biidama is the japanese word for marble.
1	m. l. mayer and plays in french.
1	this special one-day taipei pass costs nt$350.
1	analysis of bone counts by maximum likelihood.
1	palm matting is also used for roofing.
1	ganguvada station is located on naupada-gunupur railway.
1	hilo refuses believing zapunyo to be inconsequential.
1	jones quintanilla and molina served another section.
1	he was wounded twice during the war.
1	in this region domain walls are moving.
1	kinji imanishi 90 japanese ecologist and anthropologist.
1	it was described by martins in 1962.
1	she is married and has three children.
1	she debuted with 2012 telugu film sudigadu.
1	his twin brother was william henry breton.
1	seconds out round one imaginary records 1992.
1	that allegation has to date remain unproven.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	atypical mutations involving other residues work similarly.
1	other notable broadway credits include oh hello!
1	the forum was disbanded in august 2017.
1	notable fauna are trout and river crabs.
1	he made his first start against bastia.
1	nachhatar gill punjabi singer born in vill.
1	this is a partial list of films.
1	it was described by martins in 1970.
1	losps have been emulsified into water-based solvents.
1	a third value for state is construct.
1	he retired from the bench in 1906.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	they can also be found in mexico.
1	his thesis was about urban lichen ecology.
1	the etching is known by various names.
1	priests were particularly enjoined to avoid uncleanness.
1	elizabeth havenkotte (1917-1917) as interim head librarian.
1	the new designs began circulating in 2014.
1	busse was born on november 29 1967.
1	an enraged sentry attacks ultron once more.
1	this one is not to be missed!
1	in 1994 the factory was declared bankrupt.
1	masvidal is a surname of catalan origin.
1	recycling was completed on 28 february 1994.
1	other brands produced were daihatsu and isuzu.
1	inamurayama the highest mountain is 1,506 meters.
1	it usually burns off by mid-to-late morning.
1	are christians who adopt these teachings judaizers?
1	it then continues east and enters mt.
1	the first event was held in 1930.
1	a day later all pnl ministers resigned.
1	the trail leg follows the lead leg.
1	big wheel appears in spider-man: mysterio's menace.
1	it is watered by the river gipping.
1	the album was produced by ron nevison.
1	president lincoln was disappointed in mcclellan's performance.
1	directorate of overseas surveys tolworth uk 1978.
1	on may 9 1936 italy annexed ethiopia.
1	it is known to be very aggressive.
1	oakley became an incorporated city in 1999.
1	the position was eliminated in january 2015.
1	her parents reluctantly allow her to go.
1	it was founded on june 30 1887.
1	okefenokee regional library system to the east.
1	ascertainment bias in estimates of average heterozygosity.
1	master builder nicholas gobbo led the project.
1	county government did not start until 1870.
1	spouse 2: nadejda (d. february 1923 sheffield).
1	these languages often turn nouns into verbs.
1	he is colloquially known as the schmoozer.
1	a depression is when you lose yours.
1	the defending champions were maccabi tel aviv.
1	in may 2017 bellmare's compensation of us$9.
1	later they were discovered by local shepherds.
1	she had two brothers austin and tim.
1	one victim had been hit thirteen times.
1	teams in italics have home court advantage.
1	pinnius januarius brother of titus pinnius cavario.
1	the village has a population of 200.
1	most scheduled rpgs however are not competitive.
1	it is attended by over 23,000 students.
1	son of john and claire (dale) memmelaar.
1	he offered that nature co-evolves with humans.
1	this small town has four small ghats.
1	cheese and cream are also usually added.
1	the greene county library opened in 1951.
1	he was released on september 20 2019.
1	grim reapers are accused of the shooting.
1	the main season is run in winter.
1	it was described by ermisch in 1965.
1	haw chen is the ceo of techman.
1	nearby karrinyup shopping centre provides other services.
1	he first married firyal irshaid in 1964.
1	the leaders divided the sanjak into pashaluks.
1	detmer was born in san marcos texas.
1	the family moved to pittsford in 1846.
1	the character's name was dr. moses nebogipfel.
1	mawan a personal name contracted over time.
1	hunch launched its website in june 2009.
1	she attended the brisbane girls grammar school.
1	qemu and virtualbox are not supported officially.
1	roog did not touch the human spirit.
1	the ramensky hoax went international as well.
1	city-line trolley serves the city of kokomo.
1	ambon is served by pattimura international airport.
1	the enemies are sandwiches and fried eggs.
1	for handoffs the messaging is between switches.
1	it will be released in january 2010.
1	the aircraft is made from composite materials.
1	protesters also set police vehicles on fire.
1	tilly is severely wounded during the battle.
1	sometimes wild eggs are gathered by hunters.
1	it is a tributary of baileys creek.
1	mandatory transvaginal ultrasounds have been particularly controversial.
1	aurelian besieged alexandria and firmus killed himself.
1	she grew up with little political knowledge.
1	in 2022 pulse won their third title.
1	he is currently associated with team alliance.
1	the 25th golden globe awards were held.
1	the demographic impacts of famine are sharp.
1	as a result of administrative code tit.
1	the survivors hurried to warn the king.
1	the prison closed to inmates in 2007.
1	it is a primarily native iban area.
1	they took place on 25 june 2013.
1	homeomorphic spaces have the same covering dimension.
1	mcclure is dependent upon a hearing aid.
1	kumbh is a plump cherubic 10-year-old boy.
1	by default the value is 30 seconds.
1	hyland is also a card counting expert.
1	he also played for first vienna fc.
1	passengers' feet were not restricted by footwells.
1	schiess started collecting pinball machines in 2001.
1	young love (collectors edition) features the track.
1	however tv viewership figures were comparatively poor.
1	all the cars displayed had safety glass.
1	born in napanee on may 28 1898.
1	he ran again in 1863 and won.
1	it used iron rails on dice stones.
1	frequently her house was overrun by guests.
1	major walter john lambert indian army attd.
1	the president was elected by the states.
1	given the apparent age of speed sr.
1	andrew paid 15 silver marks to her.
1	in 2001 she became mayor of jurbise.
1	balasingham was born on 10 march 1917.
1	bishop paul died on 18 january 2007.
1	first they snapped their six-game losing skid.
1	sclerotia germinate in response to root exudates.
1	the division licenses and supervises notaries public.
1	this permitted a flat-trajectory or high-angle fire.
1	many have repetitive and often mechanical songs.
1	poems of wordsworth nimmo's clyde classics series.
1	ao station opened on august 10 1913.
1	nightwing appears in the new batman adventures.
1	buchanan distrusted scott and ignored his recommendations.
1	i mustn't give in to debilitating pity.
1	missiles were captured by the croatian navy.
1	hence it is a very versatile boat.
1	mahmood mamdani is a ugandan political theorist.
1	the next chapter kasmai devay havisha vidhema?
1	he married priscilla grace darling in 1880.
1	so i'm releasing the album in chapters.
1	tsuchiyama station opened on december 23 1888.
1	the first chapter of the book arthaghatan?
1	made wonderful high quality instruments in mirecourt.
1	touchwood is decayed wood used for tinder.
1	symphony no. 10 in e minor op.
1	maora pani of rongowhakaata and rakaipaaka descent.
1	this amounts to 2% of amazonas's population.
1	he played college football at utah state.
1	it is located in the huzur tehsil.
1	s duo with sudanese-american rapper mr tibbz.
1	robert taussat 96 french historian and author.
1	the current bridge was completed in 1992.
1	the couple also had three children together.
1	he later approved compensation to unb students.
1	it represents the students' rights and interests.
1	in january 2021 ts innovation acquisitions corp.
1	the stations reopened on june 22 2018.
1	burks primarily plays the shooting guard position.
1	erreurs de jeunesse the book 2013 (poetry).
1	the population was 77 as of 2010.
1	it is no longer used by students.
1	belgium won one bronze medal in parkour.
1	corporal peter john billing royal marines p033137u.
1	david roback died on february 25 2020.
1	the tournament was first held in 1930.
1	h. c. e. larsson and b. gado.
1	their exact population outside africa is unknown.
1	maurus servius honoratus in vergilii carmina comentarii.
1	from 2007 the palace was under renovation.
1	it went out of business in 2005.
1	phifer started his career as a lawyer.
1	by 1999 it had produced 1000 episodes.
1	the scorpio car blasts thus killing him.
1	its first class enrolled only three boys.
1	material is continually added to the elibrary.
1	he retired from that position in 2006.
1	above llangwstennin rectory was a shale quarry.
1	he retired from the service in 1968.
1	the building was reportedly built around 1880.
1	the protein's empirical chemical formula is c169,719h270,466n45,688o52,238s911.
1	they have two children and two grandsons.
1	self-recognition is not cilia-dependent unlike prey recognition.
1	asphalt ages through photo-oxidation accelerated by heat.
1	simpson serves as the group executive chairman.
1	the couple travelled extensively on their honeymoon.
1	in 1929 he graduated with the cand.
1	in 1930 he married janet ranney cool.
1	he was supervised by frederick viggers smith.
1	the inaugural event attracted nearly 550 attendees.
1	in 1991 douek founded eilat grapes ltd.
1	jayaram k r is an indian politician.
1	there were 47 participants from 28 nations.
1	ankichi became an okinawan martial arts master.
1	sir howard douglas died in tunbridge wells.
1	in 1989 it obtained its current name.
1	the annual fair usually occurs during august.
1	route 14 serves willimantic to windham center.
1	he contested under the membership of ndc.
1	it is found from sulawesi to fiji.
1	the defending champion universitario retained their title.
1	the park includes grassland behind the promenade.
1	donaldson run is surrounded predominantly by forests.
1	it was first published in uncanny magazine.
1	it was examined and collated by scrivener.
1	pooladi to the northwest of the city.
1	bernard bloch was a distinguished american linguist.
1	wilson retired from holiday inn in 1979.
1	evelyn waugh's novel love among the ruins.
1	russian international film festival october 2015 online.
1	in 1990 bush moved back to louisiana.
1	the museum went through several name changes.
1	tarek abou al dahab of lebanon withdrew.
1	ryan re-signed for the waratahs in 2022.
1	bishops were also secular rulers of ermland.
1	as compensation the cameo made its appearance.
1	its international premiere occurred at hot docs.
1	fuke attended nagpur university for his phd.
1	university of kansas publications in humanistic studies.
1	turkey has increased their presence in sudan.
1	barry robson aberdeen midfielder born in inverurie.
1	controls ministries' policies implementation in maritime affairs.
1	rata had a butter factory in 1904.
1	he resides in strasbourg with his family.
1	the last sawmill moved north in 1905.
1	fouque stated that she found grunberger misogynistic.
1	howard barraclough fell 76 new zealand zoologist.
1	the freight yard was closed in 2005.
1	home governments encouraged religious organizations to come.
1	aspecten van avonturenverhalen in oost en west.
1	calltrunk's word indexation accuracy is around 80%.
1	shobna works on female body image issues.
1	he directed more than 20 malayalam movies.
1	it was recorded as having 57 residents.
1	however nothing in this order was coincidental.
1	he was educated at melbourne grammar school.
1	everyone had all these reasons ayala said.
1	in 1994 the corps headquarters was disbanded.
1	the half-life of benperidol is 8 hours.
1	it was released on september 27 2019.
1	as a child he shown anti-social behaviour.
1	the explosion was caused by a bomb.
1	aman at summer palace in beijing china.
1	amankora has five lodges in thimphu bhutan.
1	it has more than 100 editorial staff.
1	on the may 20 episode of impact!
1	jochen breiholz is a german opera manager.
1	greenlandic coffee is a popular after-dinner drink.
1	it was described by dupont in 1836.
1	in return frederick william i received ermland.
1	the body colour is usually dark green.
1	they drive home to 31 cemetery way.
1	bwire alfred odhiambo is a kenyan politician.
1	cordant's divisions included huck fasteners jacobson mfg.
1	he can play at fly-half or centre.
1	can this nation be anchored on variety?
1	it was originally designed by edna walling.
1	sardar is the reluctant chief of ajab-gajabpur.
1	prospective employment is estimated at 110 people.
1	this is when clearance cairns were built.
1	it was created by the tarnovo constitution.
1	he moved to the usa in 1984.
1	at osborn's request the sentry destroyed asgard.
1	finally in 1810 he started for rome.
1	anila then comes downstairs looking for devu.
1	some 30 vines were transplanted in radmilovac.
1	leni was provided with a skilled crew.
1	he played over 300 games for australia.
1	later in 1949 he received his ph.
1	in october ryan starts dating katie sugden.
1	sudanian species grow in the dry forest.
1	horace h. irvine house saint paul 1910-1911.
1	sukhov 1-y is the nearest rural locality.
1	the football league was formed in 1888.
1	buildings are ventilated and their temperature regulated.
1	unwin's trial proceeded first on november 12.
1	the mining industry in luzerne county boomed.
1	i would call it a wahhabi koran.
1	the long sturdy black antennae are clubbed.
1	after the terminus at clifden was reached.
1	high militarization of the population was common.
1	ehrenstein was born in new york city.
1	slavery was integral to the local economy.
1	between 40,000 and 80,000 saw the match.
1	rai breaks all the ties with arindam.
1	charlotte and tom separated in february 2017.
1	the competition had rounds: qualification and final.
1	acheron upper primary school opened in 1875.
1	after they divorced he married karen pederson.
1	a history of colour form and iconography.
1	he kills him and marries the widow.
1	her family was supportive of her decision.
1	zhenlongxi station platform 3 panorama 2019 12.
1	he is interred in spring grove cemetery.
1	o'connor won no more titles after 1906.
1	primary education is compulsory throughout the region.
1	malgoire began his career as an oboist.
1	iranian filmmaker photographer film producer and researcher.
1	it premiered in february 2014 in kiss.
1	it serves 352 students in grades 9-12.
1	the day she died i cried shamelessly.
1	the film received mixed reviews from critics.
1	i think it would be dean thomas.
1	this governor even visited salt lake city.
1	it is found in the oriental region.
1	the team finished with a 3-6 record.
1	tsr makes no special provision for stress.
1	both papers were retracted the following month.
1	this area of atalanti was named sinoikismos.
1	she had always gone her own way.
1	however governor de graaff was also deported.
1	he was released on september 1 2021.
1	mount larrabee can seen from the mt.
1	he is pressurized by janardhan for dowry.
1	these commandos were formally reactivated by 1948.
1	it was released on 14 august 1977.
1	diffused-base transistor first implementation of diffusion transistor.
1	they played home games at lynn stadium.
1	tsr is mostly conservative but occasionally radical.
1	iais is a genus of isopod crustaceans.
1	each month the bhpa publishes a magazine.
1	he was married to actress ann hasekamp.
1	everett regional high school in sheffield mt.
1	michel demaret came back to fetch them.
1	however the most important site is huapalcalco.
1	he declined the invitations for personal reasons.
1	rockets is a german professional basketball team.
1	syllables closed by followed by another consonant.
1	its slogan is the channel of wisdom.
1	lock no. 38 is the shepherdstown lock.
1	it occasionally flew interdictory and support missions.
1	yererouk means quivering in the armenian language.
1	the population was 181 as of 2013.
1	lucy appleby died on 24 april 2008.
1	don gallinger 74 canadian ice hockey player.
1	long live indie film filmmaker fall 1995.
1	from 1991 he is a freelance cinematographer.
1	saratoga contains a second village named victory.
1	one of his professors was scott nearing.
1	her father was a printer and auditor.
1	enrico was a musician and a composer.
1	other researchers have adopted similar ten-level scales.
1	elinkwijk were relegated to the eerste divisie.
1	the motives for caldwell's murder remain unexplained.
1	the agreements were between the companies involved.
1	it was released on october 27 2017.
1	kastner hugo and gerald kador folkvord (2005).
1	his school education was done at raver.
1	in the morning georgia awakes to contractions.
1	he served in the army air corps.
1	they reached guantanamo bay on 26 february.
1	he grows up to become a gambler.
1	he earned his ba ma and ph.
1	trichoderma ovalisporum is a species of fungus.
1	he was born in sueca valencia spain.
1	the octagonal pulpit dates from about 1906.
1	australia has few rules on political donations.
1	the hospital's roots date back to 1887.
1	farnham was born in walnut creek california.
1	he returned to yerba buena in 1839.
1	studies in the history of judaism 27.
1	most of these schools are highly selective.
1	creswell bay is large and almost semicircular.
1	mathis has two sons with his wife.
1	ronald greene senior foreman london electricity board.
1	decorative cut shingles adorn the upper floor.
1	it works great on acoustic or electric.
1	the woman then stabs him to death.
1	the fight was ruled a majority draw.
1	for services to the community in bedford.
1	they are in their original print form.
1	he also had another son named nicolas.
1	he held a number of unorthodox views.
1	ivan krastev and alan l. mcpherson eds.
1	he said i won't do it anymore.
1	he still played in notable professional tournaments.
1	the larvae have been recorded on coconut.
1	eventually the clan separated into distinct households.
1	he was elevated to lieutenant-general in 1986.
1	he sailed for france in september 1917.
1	the population was 1,350 as of 2013.
1	similar legislation was successful three years later.
1	in 1931 the settlement had 11 houses.
1	the eight-pointed stars outer surface is protuberant.
1	the film starred leonard's then-wife mae murray.
1	the phrase usually refers to political revolutions.
1	the grazing in the valley is good.
1	kew gardens pagoda after restoration upper dragon.
1	lymphatic and radiographic studies support whimsters observations.
1	later this thana was renamed a upazila.
1	these were ultimately used on ka 939.
1	she was carrying a cargo of sugar.
1	larry davis 57 american blues musician cancer.
1	kuthiravattam pappu 62 india actor cardiac arrest.
1	humboldt avenue fire station 155 humboldt ave.
1	mvcv causes vein clearing and yellow mosaicism.
1	however that construction permit expired in 1985.
1	labrecque is a municipality in quebec canada.
1	the fault trended on a north-south arc.
1	papen's attempt to negotiate with hitler failed.
1	matt wiman $28,000 ($14,000 win bonus) def.
1	wild retired at the end of 1946.
1	its summit plateau comprises mostly bare rock.
1	charlotte defeated durham 3 games to 1.
1	ecstatic prophecy is occasionally encountered in worship.
1	todd rohal) and 7 chinese brothers (dir.
1	then she progressed to teaching college psychology.
1	diffusion transistor modern type bipolar junction transistor.
1	it was a works progress administration project.
1	it was described by sepp in 1855.
1	very few trains run on that line.
1	the tournament was won by viktor korchnoi.
1	the region beyond permits closed time-like curves.
1	merafhe was married and had five children.
1	she was buried at the ajuda cemetery.
1	the film received mixed to positive reviews.
1	several of the resorts have golf courses.
1	hopkirk wrote lord longford displayed astonishing erudition.
1	king was born on december 9 1919.
1	sklare retired from brandeis in december 1990.
1	devlin was subsequently excluded from the university.
1	college of micronesia is the tertiary institution.
1	in 1795 the wallajah mosque was built.
1	the population was 1 as of 2002.
1	the film was panned by the critics.
1	other methods of investment are bitcoin funds.
1	in 2020 wilmette was ranked by niche.
1	he died at 12:10am on 24 april.
1	nikolayeva was the teacher of nikolai lugansky.
1	held june 18 at belle isle raceway.
1	the journal is published by world scientific.
1	houck was not punished by the pcl.
1	arthur was not employed by regent arran.
1	isdn is available as a generic medication.
1	larkin starred in both of these films.
1	the president and founder is van dean.
1	homosexual behaviour is frequent in both sexes.
1	earthscan has published many of iied's books.
1	i am extremely grateful you convicted me.
1	it is closely related to dimensional analysis.
1	they largely ignored it for 137 years.
1	about 16 percent had white vinyl interiors.
1	it was formed on 26 august 1939.
1	elizabeth herself was confused by this behavior.
1	its objectstore object-oriented database shipped in 1990.
1	oxen and horses were sometimes harnessed together.
1	xekj later began broadcasting with 1,000 watts.
1	cupula de la catedral diosesana de zipaquira.
1	hoxie was laid out in early 1886.
1	the butler will need to make contact.
1	never adopted in a legally binding form.
1	martello was conceived to fill both requirements.
1	a warrant was out for his arrest.
1	cummings began his career as a farmer.
1	when charles died in 1706 lionel inherited.
1	flora von schlesien (flora of silesia) 1832.
1	it is also a popular climbing area.
1	it is the capital of chincha province.
1	council elected in the 2018 municipal election.
1	s. glabra is used in chinese herbology.
1	and then asked 'did anyone read it?
1	the village has a population of 400.
1	the school district wound up choosing both.
1	lotto vermont began it was drawn fridays.
1	it has a non-removable 5000mah lithium-ion battery.
1	the battle fever squad's standard issue weapon.
1	all it does is eat and s-!
1	his name is often spelled norman poirier.
1	the battle fever squad's box-like undersea headquarters.
1	he competed in the 2020 summer olympics.
1	the cup was designed by frank meisler.
1	he migrated from kent england in 1821.
1	it was described by menozzi in 1935.
1	he has been capped by venezuela u20.
1	festina lente may well be his motto.
1	also started experimenting with the transorbital lobotomy.
1	an immunization vaccine is produced for polio.
1	this was during the early initial period.
1	in 2021 its equipped price was $3.154m.
1	at the height quintin had 300 weavers.
1	born 26 july 1974 in galashiels scotland.
1	the win put hearts into the final.
1	a large globe of the planet mars.
1	portraits 1968-2008 galerie michael schultz berlin dialog.
1	with the predecessor function subtraction is straightforward.
1	in mid-january 2016 most sanctions were lifted.
1	she also enjoys watching movies and travelling.
1	events in the year 2013 in belgium.
1	note that there are several outdated elements.
1	he enjoys driving and owns a maserati.
1	rowland donald potter assistant secretary welsh office.
1	yasuda station opened on 10 december 1899.
1	jamie baum is an american jazz flautist.
1	this version was developed by buzz co.
1	julie michelle arblaster is an australian scientist.
1	c. r. gregory saw it in 1885.
1	the store closed on september 2 2018.
1	the company's primary product is norton security.
1	south sumter is located at (33.894445 80.335583).
1	hamilton was re-elected defeating opponent helen howard.
1	l. s. ayres became macy's in 2006.
1	it also belonged to the andronovo people.
1	jesuit missionaries brought catholicism to the region.
1	the sackville-west descendants included writer vita sackville-west.
1	article x contains involves miscellaneous final addenda.
1	st. francis-on-the-hill chapel barry vale of glamorgan.
1	his first name is often spelled lucien.
1	the film released on 30 december 2005.
1	the capitals differ on the two arcades.
1	in april 2015 health canada approved entyvio.
1	he stayed there for a few days.
1	nyeri kenya another town from colonial times.
1	lieutenant commander david roy george royal navy.
1	each aisle contains two three-lighted arched windows.
1	forest view is located at (41.807379 87.786065).
1	the film was a commercially successful venture.
1	however this law never came into force.
1	alicia becomes more worried about nick's addiction.
1	he served as apa president in 1993.
1	ub-14b third prototype modified from second unit.
1	trefor alfred morris chief constable hertfordshire constabulary.
1	ross married director rupert sanders in 2002.
1	ninety-nine percent of students matriculate to college.
1	gd and northrop were awarded prototype contracts.
1	she died of typhus at age 56.
1	he currently lives in izu shizuoka prefecture.
1	he retired from somerset hospital in 1923.
1	pierre plantard 79 french draughtsman and impostor.
1	he spent seven years at the club.
1	series three was produced by sean o'connor.
1	this step-by-step learning experience is called shaping.
1	zwelakhe sisulu was arrested twice in 1986.
1	drip harder received positive reviews from critics.
1	the duration is given as 22 minutes.
1	tagro was a top ally of gbagbo.
1	today the bartholomew tower houses a carillon.
1	vocaturo achieved a rating performance above 2700.
1	nabha dass came back to ghalta dham.
1	seeds are pear-shaped and rough in diameter.
1	he is remembered as a nutrition scientist.
1	nikitchenko's prejudices were evident from the outset.
1	the team plays in the southwest division.
1	would give us more ducks to eat!
1	it was muslim dominated at that time.
1	rajiv gandhi becomes prime minister of india.
1	he also owned property in norton malreward.
1	of the 63 bodies 47 were identified.
1	a parliament should also endorse the agreements.
1	luckenbach hosts live music events each weekend.
1	the area was originally known as aspgrove.
1	shanmugasundari 75 indian film actress heart attack.
1	anonymous functions are sometimes called lambda expressions.
1	it was a great experience for me.
1	the first theatrical production was by tada!
1	booth's body was put aboard the montauk.
1	the police suspected jaccoud of the murder.
1	the israelis broke through with tank-led assaults.
1	cotton plantations relied heavily on slave labor.
1	their two victories were courtesy of leicestershire.
1	all monthly averages were retrieved from realclearpolitics.
1	strand opens a gate for the proctors.
1	chemical synthesis of tebh has been described.
1	events in the year 2021 in transnistria.
1	homerusbuurt is a neighborhood of rotterdam netherlands.
1	her first book was published in 1988.
1	the competition was sponsored by the spillers.
1	going northbound would take drivers toward pape'ete.
1	in october 1966 marashliev joined cska sofia.
1	its role the disordered growth of tissue.
1	farida also created a cerebral palsy superhero.
1	credits taken from the 2002 liner notes.
1	a copywriter intern at an advertising firm.
1	it is found in santa catarina brazil.
1	yamin eventually quit his job in late-2014.
1	you can see it if you look.
1	it was released on 28 february 2014.
1	l. blau in jahresbericht der landesrabbinerschule 1900.
1	six of the eight transformers were destroyed.
1	she was inaugurated on 2 march 2011.
1	the film was a box office failure.
1	the shops include newsagents hairdressers and chemists.
1	liane was fluent in german and russian.
1	the soviet designation was project 133 antares.
1	discouraged they lost heart and gave up.
1	eventually the offices of jack baskin inc.
1	filters further generalize the concept of convergence.
1	lessons in comparative anatomy mariani milan 1927.
1	it contains many paintings by eminent artists.
1	he became mayor of ljubljana in 1764.
1	in 2011 he was signed by sorrento.
1	he also played for tokat plevne belediyesi.
1	gerald dunning died on 16 april 1978.
1	first-seeded roger federer won the singles title.
1	filiz gives birth to a baby girl.
1	in 1851 he commanded the africa squadron.
1	she was convicted and sentenced to death.
1	schwartz selected this specimen as the holotype.
1	burhanpur is known for its textile industry.
1	the flowers are dark red when dry.
1	parts of gasland were filmed in andrews.
1	bucki's captain and three crewmen were killed.
1	cini boeri 96 italian architect and designer.
1	clypeus little produced with strongly reflexed angle.
1	edward alexander langford secretary hms cornwall association.
1	the capital lies at the city olot.
1	her gravestone can still be found there.
1	he was tried twice for car theft.
1	vf-111 was disestablished on 19 january 1959.
1	overall production was finished in september 2007.
1	a retail park opened in june 2009.
1	he stole 396 bases in his career.
1	she was educated at lauriston girls' school.
1	georgia is brought in for medical treatment.
1	emilie stoesen christensen norwegian singer and actor.
1	tamar halperin israeli harpsichordist pianist and musicologist.
1	hakusan shrines are common all over japan.
1	in other words theses sentences are meaningless.
1	the seats are allocated by proportional representation.
1	the program was presented without commercial interruption.
1	he was buried on the congressional cemetery.
1	apa servis includes internet television channel apa.
1	events during the year 1167 in italy.
1	the hotel was again renovated in 1973.
1	her next movement was to turn pioneer.
1	the memorial was sculpted by edward marshall.
1	i write for my own pleasure sometimes.
1	it has won more than 100 awards.
1	one language isn't any different than another.
1	she worked in different positions after 1967.
1	here is a modern one using transformations.
1	the city of bayswater had three libraries.
1	this role was fulfilled by annet lekkerkerker.
1	ida remains to look after the child.
1	he was released on january 23 2021.
1	they were designated as the t class.
1	it would be rick hendrick's seventh championship.
1	the music and trailers aided its marketing.
1	they were passed over for postseason consideration.
1	we need to be on the market.
1	no one was injured in the accident.
1	psda's headquarters is located in chicago il.
1	india's participation only quickened the war's end.
1	he was a commonwealth war graves commissioner.
1	these films were low-budget and produced quickly.
1	the name is obsolete in modern science.
1	all title changes occurred at czw-promoted events.
1	these copepods are capable of rapid movement.
1	finally the game incorporated a virtual pet.
1	duke's was sold to pepsico in 1994.
1	this caused flash flooding in low-lying areas.
1	this article is about the juvenile stage.
1	rule was born in little rock arkansas.
1	in may 1998 vizzini's essay teen angst?
1	mid 1996 to july 1997: chaco inc.
1	life settlements remain a niche asset class.
1	it is part of rayadurg assembly constituency.
1	it has a wide distribution throughout europe.
1	the season was divided into three parts.
1	there are two types of call tracing.
1	an frederik van eeden und romain rolland.
1	in 1972 twen was reborn as tessa.
1	m.s. natural resources administration university of michigan.
1	trio for clarinet cello and piano op.
1	since 2015 he also moderates the show.
1	the belfry stage features gothic-arched louvered openings.
1	consequently they were not covered by concrete.
1	it is similar to an audio amplifier.
1	the parish has a population of 10,979.
1	several bridges were destroyed or seriously damaged.
1	its capital is khemarak phoumin (koh kong).
1	the potts was an australian comic strip.
1	the interior woodworking is various and impressive.
1	the series officially began streaming in 2019.
1	ligulf was very critical of walcher's conduct.
1	not a lot of bands get there.
1	while in prison his marriage also ended.
1	vertical nanostructures are created in two steps.
1	temporary artworks were also installed during construction.
1	he ultimately decided to continue playing left-handed.
1	females again are almost identical but duller.
1	masonic lodge 19 marlborough street leichhardt (1925).
1	it is on the national historic registry.
1	flag football was discontinued in the mid-1990s.
1	otherwise 'poke' could have been lost forever.
1	herbert nootbaar 108 american businessman and philanthropist.
1	he did not make any final statements.
1	alain levy is an entertainment industry executive.
1	precipitation is mainly determined by cyclonic activity.
1	if only she'd waited a little longer.
1	larger lava flow rates generate larger cones.
1	fabrizio cortesi (1879-1949) was an italian botanist.
1	the mayor of brewster is randy schmitz.
1	hadford previously skated for the united states.
1	byrd and wynette fought throughout their relationship.
1	the round trip lasted about two hours.
1	the banking sector employed over 8,700 people.
1	joe scarborough and mika brzezinski joined gov.
1	on 14 november 2011 he was sacked.
1	the village has a population of 163.
1	unfortunately this success did not last long.
1	its northern end is operated with draisines.
1	the church dates from the 11th century.
1	the conduct of ithacius was severely criticized.
1	conceptual colors of genco gulan publishing 2012.
1	there are no schools in coal creek.
1	a dam is used for hydroelectric power.
1	she was released on bail soon after.
1	their work was ratified by the pope.
1	his articles were found to be inflammatory.
1	gino felt like a piece of shit.
1	tara sutaria indian actress dancer and singer.
1	ana covers congressional legislation and agency regulation.
1	one of the earliest words for shrine.
1	brenes is close to the guadalquivir river.
1	february 4 monchhichi debuts on tv tokyo.
1	munro was born 1764 in ross-shire scotland.
1	file system format is optimized for das.
1	she was married to actor david powell.
1	in 1996 the ncwnz marked its centennial.
1	it was equipped with british spitfire aircraft.
1	why should television be full of them?
1	for services to the community in liverpool.
1	he was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper.
1	the mayor of rushmore is gregg harberts.
1	diplacus douglasii flowers between february and april.
1	piano trio no.1 in a minor op.
1	inflorescences have a denser covering of hairs.
1	data on both positions has been contested.
1	the j250 is constructed from composite materials.
1	she assumed office on august 1 2020.
1	it is in the municipality of belogradchik.
1	the british destroyers sank fauna without loss.
1	m-28 were originally a portion of m-15.
1	handsome stylish overcoats that are wetproof too!
1	may 6 cockleshell bay debuts on itv.
1	terminal is the official pre-event of junction.
1	it is usually sweetened with caramelized sugar.
1	at that time he was almost forgotten.
1	he had earlier represented liskeard in parliament.
1	tarmo uusivirta 42 finnish professional boxer suicide.
1	it didn't make sense financially of course.
1	dem deutschen dichter friedrich lienhard zum 50.
1	piano trio no.1 in c minor op.
1	by april 2015 the then-wjsj went silent.
1	kenneth grew up in hot springs arkansas.
1	the union was rocky from the start.
1	oh in-hye 36 south korean actress suicide.
1	he is a cfa and frm charter-holder.
1	it was watched by 3.85 million viewers.
1	yasin mazhar siddiqui 75 indian islamic scholar.
1	the village has a population of 532.
1	eddie palladino announcer for the boston celtics.
1	paleozoic fossils are visible in the outcrops.
1	her first guest was then-congresswoman bella abzug.
1	in 1938 the school had 2,394 students.
1	one of these was the black-crowned tchagra.
1	the couple married on june 1 1991.
1	she is the second of four children.
1	today a temple stands at that spot.
1	lion rock is noted for its shape.
1	since the coverage of the 2008 888.
1	the romans and their allies are victorious.
1	the merger was completed in may 2014.
1	he falls unconscious and sky runs off.
1	of these 123 attacks were by carabineros.
1	in the above example a solution exists.
1	the population was 15 as of 2010.
1	peters give marvelously restrained and touching performances.
1	however the decision-making body is the team.
1	pluto sent crusher to fight against thor.
1	kjell granqvist is a retired swedish footballer.
1	david livingstone met the queen at naliele.
1	sure shot by overpass books in 2013.
1	however nayanthara's character vasuki is diametrically opposite.
1	shigella should also be urea hydrolysis negative.
1	the room was used for primary inspections.
1	the holiday is celebrated each august 8.
1	it contains the sole species mastigobasidium intermedium.
1	the expedition quickly descended into a debacle.
1	the ugp had never won an election.
1	history of the explosives industry in america.
1	penington's stepdaughter gulielma springett married william penn.
1	port of spain trinidad: swaha publications 1994.
1	the thin outer lip is produced forward.
1	there were allegations of corruption against him.
1	the doug skinner dossier by doug skinner.
1	the work took until 1897 to complete.
1	it was published by strategic simulations inc.
1	it is pennsylvania's sixth most populous municipality.
1	he's got a little larceny in him.
1	george james thompson foreman belfast city council.
1	i'd take it in a goddamn minute.
1	interview with rudolf carnap german tv 1964.
1	connie thomas home help shropshire county council.
1	woodward began painting at a young age.
1	anne stevenson 87 american-british poet heart failure.
1	it was first built under the british.
1	its main base is malabo international airport.
1	trueman died eleven days after the victory.
1	indians in terengganu mostly speak malaysian tamil.
1	avani taywade made debut role as swara.
1	siddharth kak (chairperson)chinmoya nathsangeeta tamulikishore dangkireet khuranaa.
1	architectural and historical reserve 'the old town'.
1	parties can choose to run in coalitions.
1	juan carlos barry as the spiritual guide.
1	he was replaced by general maurice gamelin.
1	it was described by white in 1855.
1	editor paul pettengale commented: very good indeed.
1	ofra haza 42 israeli singer aids-related pneumonia.
1	the turkish authorities agreed to this proposition.
1	matt bashore was named most outstanding player.
1	our band name is derived from mythology.
1	lastly the new complex greatly improved safety.
1	it fosters the capacity for multiperspectival thinking.
1	the final show was december 31 2018.
1	braunstein was born in new york city.
1	translated from the french by doug skinner.
1	soul blazer was scored by yukihide takekawa.
1	bangladesh university of professionals(bup) mirpur cantonment dhaka.
1	for services to the royal british legion.
1	baltimore city is divided into 21 districts.
1	tonacatecuhtli god of sustenance associated with ometecuhtli.
1	kramer-golinkoff was born on january 9 1985.
1	had international caps for their respective countries.
1	larvae pupate after two years within shoots.
1	as of the end of 2019 season.
1	he played for edinburgh district at age-grade.
1	it has 1,794 prisoners from various states.
1	curtice left for utah after the game.
1	he was also fired from his professorship.
1	she died at watertown 12 april 1690.
1	he served twice and was injured twice.
1	schefold's father karl schefold was an archaeologist.
1	his daughter shirley(charmila) gets attracted to sibi.
1	zz is the stable more insoluble form.
1	the collection received positive reviews from critics.
1	within noun phrases modifiers follow the noun.
1	he has two sons 'emad and zyad.
1	they entered at the second qualifying round.
1	both bus and train are major transportation.
1	all 10 people on board were killed.
1	the mountains include atvs and hiking trails.
1	the civil parish was created in 1894.
1	the redwood river flows through the city.
1	the fort was abandoned september 17 1853.
1	the tuatha call him the shadow mage.
1	james aspey was born in sydney australia.
1	it is zoned to pojoaque valley schools.
1	she is buried in kensal green cemetery.
1	funimation licensed the series outside of asia.
1	authorities recorded six injuries on 14 june.
1	many important biological processes involve redox reactions.
1	it grows in fine black sandy soils.
1	morrison was born in wellington new zealand.
1	he was also involved in the project.
1	michaud nelson and howard m. hensel eds.
1	the second specimen ualvp 54559 was referred.
1	the security rule complements the privacy rule.
1	fierce german counter-attacks began on 30 november.
1	brynntrup offers his chronicles there for sale.
1	he received 225 votes out of 250.
1	the town dominates from the hill boyero.
1	in january 1989 the population was 2,930.
1	he is also a professional poker player.
1	in the first episode of what if.
1	he used the belt with his kids.
1	mosses and other epiphytes cover the trees.
1	phillip's father was not in the movie.
1	the campaigns highlighted the other candidates' records.
1	poly(hexamethylene carbonate) (phc) is an organic polymer.
1	the louisiana district court dismissed the suit.
1	it is the world's largest three-wheeler manufacturer.
1	however in most species fertilization is indirect.
1	the user cannot modify the music templates.
1	is land titling in sub-saharan africa cost-effective?
1	stayner studied the sugar industry in california.
1	he was ordered to leave missouri immediately.
1	but there is a lack of evidence.
1	surya kills him and tells sreenu mama.
1	preeti ganguly 59 indian actress cardiac arrest.
1	the show was included free with admission.
1	this event was first held in 1990.
1	besley claimed natives continually threatened the expedition.
1	the organization was primarily based in syria.
1	spacey has not commented on the role.
1	green oaks is located at (42.289106 87.911499).
1	urban forests and trees a reference book.
1	he was buried near the battle site.
1	she acted in more than 80 movies.
1	all 133 passengers and crew were killed.
1	he was re-signed on october 11 2016.
1	two suspects were arrested by the fbi.
1	he has labelled gay people as deviants.
1	in the fifth episode of what if.
1	he also emphasized social responsibility of intellectuals.
1	hutchins wrote and illustrated about fifty books.
1	the population was 34 as of 2010.
1	both of them interact in the video.
1	bishop then changed her plea to guilty.
1	she is a playable character in nekketsu!
1	his work encompassed theatre cinema and tv.
1	in 1907 vollmer was re-elected town marshal.
1	he was buried in saint raymond's cemetery.
1	controversy surrounded the tournament with umpiring decisions.
1	the series ran from 1977 to 1979.
1	even the house democrats offered their support.
1	molchanov is married and has six children.
1	it was destroyed by the astro megazord.
1	currie was born in belfast in 1920.
1	chinook salmon were stocked beginning in 1970.
1	kelly brown was raised in dayton ohio.
1	farris lake largest lake in vestfold county.
1	shivam gupta is an indian casting director.
1	he also tirelessly pursued modern lumber technologies.
1	oliver reverted to knuckle-walking after developing arthritis.
1	the mine and line closed in 1969.
1	quintesse st martin's press new york 1985.
1	they played all of the teams once.
1	he was survived by his wife stella.
1	michael o'connor director of the millennium commission.
1	german was made the only official language.
1	construction is expected to take 22 months.
1	hal convinces mauricio to accept his abnormality.
1	vivo sales figures as of july 2011.
1	commodore neill wynell thomas dsc royal navy.
1	coloration of the fruit is also affected.
1	he was taken prisoner by the algerians.
1	claude abravanel 88 swiss pianist and composer.
1	after reading the notebook she finds rem.
1	this step is entirely independent of microbes.
1	the film received poor reviews by critics.
1	bull and bear baiting were also permitted.
1	he dedicated it to sir thomas smythe.
1	journey is the first of a trilogy.
1	leave it to beaver: season 2. dvd.
1	initially she participated in the gunboat war.
1	he became disabled after a motorbike accident.
1	these works are now become very scarce.
1	it was sometimes called green of verona.
1	he is portrayed by christopher khayman lee.
1	chandra tells him to mind his words.
1	this is the birthplace of philly lutaaya.
1	teulings coen n. and pieter a. gautier.
1	it's the hardest decision of my life.
1	we jam and we improvise a lot.
1	with toledo sweeney was reunited with ford.
1	it was mostly complete by september 1902.
1	dos 610 series sheet w 64 60.
1	it's the perfect place for an accident.
1	northern ireland is a common law jurisdiction.
1	he finished the season with the strikers.
1	hc rosey gstaad qualified for the final.
1	you can win diagonally vertically or horizontally.
1	for some years robberds kept a school.
1	the live-show went ahead finishing at 11pm.
1	mongkut dances with anna at the reception.
1	this event was only held in 1996.
1	as the host nation england qualified automatically.
1	damage inflicted to industrial facilities was insignificant.
1	harry geisinger also ran for the nomination.
1	it is known from papua new guinea.
1	earlier estimates presumed an $8.3 million cost.
1	he was emancipated in his father's will.
1	mohib said that ghani felt lied to.
1	it was released on 20 july 1998.
1	the digital single market demands high-quality infrastructure.
1	on 9 january 2017 gilardino joined pescara.
1	after heavy losses in july 1944 ii.
1	teryn married brian fitch in august 2008.
1	a controversy ensued jones preserved his anonymity.
1	in 1821 fillmore turned 21 reaching adulthood.
1	it was the seventh state to ratify.
1	the squad also won the teams classification.
1	the refreshments recorded the song in 2008.
1	john gilbert emery livery porter windsor castle.
1	there were various grades in each category.
1	vincent silenzio served as co-editor in chief.
1	for services to education in northern ireland.
1	rh disease can develop in these cases.
1	the first floor had a ceiling tall.
1	it was a great opening for me.
1	their marriage lasted from 1978 to 1981.
1	the final was held on july 5.
1	the oxford encyclopedia of the islamic world.
1	john cambiaso s.j. and completed in 1857.
1	abortion and sterilization act 2 of 1975.
1	jo brand performed despite suffering from norovirus.
1	the film was met with critical acclaim.
1	frank christopher price for services to engineering.
1	he is a supporter of arsenal fc.
1	instead of drivers the tractors have controllers.
1	it included armour-plated sides and bulletproof glass.
1	the lip of the flower is wavy.
1	for services to the arts and recreation.
1	university of kansas publications in humanistic studies.
1	in 1164 it was mentioned as denges.
1	arthur le fevre the royal melbourne professional.
1	he was also physician at rikshospitalet (1850-1875).
1	the songs were composed by manikanth kadri.
1	andy is a trainee under fnc entertainment.
1	additionally over 20,000 people serve as volunteers.
1	nevertheless he voted to end the empire.
1	saint joseph's home was completed in 1959.
1	while initially antagonistic mary accepts his offer.
1	in the ninth ali passed to attack.
1	seil is one of the slate islands.
1	the fruits are also used in medicines.
1	the iron works was closed during 1868.
1	katsuyori accepted his claim without any qualms.
1	pampus gloria und soepomo poedjosoedarmo: bahasa indonesia.
1	resolutions also vary going up to wvga.
1	he took the prize in biblical hebrew.
1	potential investors were urged to purchase stock.
1	he hailed from bate village in dagamra.
1	it is a tributary of stephens branch.
1	c quen alexandra's royal naval nursing service.
1	nuway began serving loose-meat sandwiches in 1930.
1	the alexandria branch also offers ancient greek.
1	senator-elect judah p. benjamin declined to serve.
1	park city is located at (37.799119 97.322110).
1	she is of the quarian alien race.
1	it's a profound statement in its simplicity.
1	in 1908 he opened dibrugarh and shillong.
1	we should spare them these witch hunts.
1	unicef is not funded by the un.
1	the current building was constructed in 1911.
1	engineered by gene eugene and terry taylor.
1	transparency international was founded in may 1993.
1	they owned a cattle ranch in colorado.
1	they are called expressways tollways and motorways.
1	in 1977 he defended his doctoral dissertation.
1	lasanen was a car driver by profession.
1	he ranked first in his graduating class.
1	rossi was a youth international for italy.
1	barry langford 86 television director and producer.
1	the canal was nationalised during the revolution.
1	first seen in the wrath of makino.
1	it contains two genera euphonia and chlorophonia.
1	his regular position was as a forward.
1	richard died in 1973 in riverside california.
1	let's face it the show is healthy.
1	the population was 46 as of 2002.
1	doomsday makes a cameo appearance in injustice.
1	its capital is the town of lumbaqui.
1	there is 1 person who speaks romansh.
1	stv was abandoned after the 1950 election.
1	a grappling hook attachment for his rifle.
1	cause for canonization to sainthood is ongoing.
1	dow theorists often disagree in this determination.
1	binnall was a church of england cleric.
1	his liturgical feast is on february 3.
1	gaudapadacharya was the guru of govinda bhagavatpada.
1	they had two children: christopher and catherine.
1	he died at the house in 1897.
1	he married mary n bancroft in 1926.
1	he was appointed assessor of crittenden county.
1	in 2019 rolls-royce delivered 510 trent engines.
1	arlc headquarters are at alcabideche fire department.
1	the acts are listed of chronological appearance.
1	parker was involved with many other organizations.
1	she is also a journalist and filmmaker.
1	izzard refused to make any changes whatsoever.
1	both strategies will work to resolve issues.
1	matkins is a former teacher and professor.
1	in the end nobody really trusted him.
1	vaccination and inoculation is carried out periodically.
1	it is part of the municipality lavreotiki.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	indeed they lasted through the middle ages.
1	he is the winner of the award.
1	powney was born in seaford east sussex.
1	chauvet professional supplied 700 lights for luminosity.
1	the population was 210 as of 2010.
1	vaulters received three attempts at each height.
1	the short highway connects groton and chelmsford.
1	people come to this country to work.
1	algernon jackson was named as managing director.
1	the station is managed by greater anglia.
1	gante is a surname of spanish origin.
1	for services to the regional newspaper industry.
1	the former location of cyberthrill was cyberthrill.
1	the thorax is yellow darkening to brown.
1	surya das is based in cambridge massachusetts.
1	breathing in chlorine gas is highly painful.
1	in 2017 glatzel joined 1. fc heidenheim.
1	my husband has his own small business.
1	the school opened with only 11 boys.
1	zamorano published the first books in california.
1	ties were broken by the countback rule.
1	he built a gristmill there in 1796.
1	it was destroyed by the astro megazord.
1	humbert ii retired into a dominican monastery.
1	winc would not included be the sale.
1	industry standard data encryption is also used.
1	glewwe p. jacoby h.g. king e.m. (2001).
1	alison richards for services to unicef uk.
1	he was the husband of margaret sanger.
1	hershiser started playing poker competitively in 2006.
1	andy bloch defeated him in the quarterfinals.
1	minor hall was born in sellers louisiana.
1	this location came in at 20,000 sq.
1	cohen's work is centered ethnographically in oaxaca.
1	he supported the anglo-irish treaty of 1921.
1	he sat on the board of ingres.
1	g2zt is otherwise known as bis(3,4,5-triamino-1,2,4-triazolium) 5,5'-azotetrazolate.
1	unless indicated otherwise the competitions are paratriathlons.
1	non-westerners will emphasize family connections and allegiances.
1	he is the son of a logger.
1	this is the 'lord of the seeds'.
1	it is still an active mining center.
1	he was admired by the portuguese managers.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	bonheur is in turn controlled by fred.
1	born on april 20 1989 in dnipropetrovsk.
1	samuel ross reed lately belfast harbour commissioner.
1	his wife had died the previous december.
1	it was described by scoble in 1978.
1	pieras qualified for the tokyo 2020 olympics.
1	neighbouring villages include moranwali and ladhana ucha.
1	the aircraft was referred to as rb-57a-1.
1	details of the deal were not disclosed.
1	playing fields sprang up all over england.
1	gladys nordenstrom was born in mora minnesota.
1	jonathan carr for services to uk-german relations.
1	structure and sustainability of sacramento's urban forest.
1	the notification may be solicited or unsolicited.
1	the station is owned by iri railway.
1	you've got to connect with people emotionally.
1	other group members included author ladbroke black.
1	in 2019 its estimated population was 21,404.
1	she served the philippines as kalinga (ag-89).
1	greek festival on saint roch (august 15).
1	artzi was voted singer of the year.
1	forthcoming oxford university press forthcoming summer 2014.
1	she left the government in june 2018.
1	work began quickly to organize the moratorium.
1	bold indicates the acceptance of a quota.
1	farooqi's research investigates the genetics of obesity.
1	he played college basketball at clemson university.
1	with stephen w. sears and aaron sheehan-dean.
1	paragone was born in varese in 1971.
1	so he agreed to assist the naxians.
1	captain percy dudley townsend master merchant navy.
1	later he attended college at loughborough university.
1	the population was 8 as of 2010.
1	the keel was laid 1 december 1925.
1	he was born in st. petersburg florida.
1	the game includes a novel magic system.
1	the average enrollment was about 250 people.
1	his descendants are known as princes repnin-volkonsky.
1	il male viene dal nord milano: 1984.
1	the town became a part of poland.
1	the republican ticket visited here 14 times.
1	one compound cacodyl cyanide was particularly awful.
1	the information about her is quite poor.
1	he retired from his design practice 1987.
1	in 1903 wills joined the lambs club.
1	tolman and pettigrew protest wolfe's misguided decency.
1	the lituus was a long j-shaped trumpet.
1	she has four children and three grandchildren.
1	it is further divided into 97 villages.
1	the business continued to operate until 1958.
1	st joseph's school opened on june 1876.
1	japanese officers came and took nakamine's report.
1	in 2015 investment in renewables exceeded fossils.
1	gratian roman emperor (367-383) born in sirmium.
1	he qualified as a doctor in 1825.
1	the well-preserved archive is open to researchers.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	mrityunjoy jana of congress won in 1962.
1	this avoids the inconvenience of landing out.
1	temporary lieutenant harry tarbottan royal naval reserve.
1	in 1700 the 14th-century facade was truncated.
1	the population was 410 as of 2010.
1	both are now owned by a trust.
1	it housed prisoners from french colonial forces.
1	the hofje is for single senior women.
1	takaesu was a former okinawa chief prosecutor.
1	obama and his interest groups spent $11,323,706.
1	the village has a population of 2,600.
1	treatment with insulin is required for survival.
1	jacob aligo is a south sudanese politician.
1	at some ports floating magazines were utilised.
1	webber went on to take pole position.
1	however earlier work produced more scattered results.
1	county lies between above the sea level.
1	it is dedicated to goddess akala devi.
1	the reported number of cases was 22732.
1	his research interest focuses on evolutionary genetics.
1	he was of the zenata berber tribe.
1	open-source code is available from github repository.
1	burkholderia stabilis is a species of bacteria.
1	one bay has survived just over wide.
1	kilkenny dropped from the championship until 1975.
1	this species is found in south america.
1	they were from novgorod ustyug and suzdal.
1	deborah meaden travelled to cambodia in 2011.
1	the fruit is eaten to treat diarrhoea.
1	after that she goes into the tomb.
1	the 72nd moved to ireland in 1801.
1	the population was 240 as of 2010.
1	monthon phetchabun had been dissolved in 1915.
1	it is from tarsus and from mersin.
1	john sheridan 78 rugby league player (castleford).
1	jacks began his professional career in 1935.
1	in october 2014 she presented spider house.
1	the next southbound stop was cortlandt street.
1	the reported number of cases was 36436.
1	in 1985 boot left for den helder.
1	biathlon is a growing sport in slovenia.
1	the place is also visited by cetaceans.
1	he currently plays for the austria under-18.
1	glucoraphasatin and glucorapanin are the most abundant.
1	the gate was constructed under shah jahan.
1	kidwell received her bachelor's degree in 1963.
1	it houses an assumption by raffaello vanni.
1	burials began at the cemetery in 1806.
1	american automakers did not label these vehicles.
1	this is the girl group we deserve!
1	it was described by lane in 1973.
1	similar boards had previously served small areas.
1	little is known of the ligurian language.
1	vardan died in the battle of avarayr.
1	his wife and children lie with him.
1	know it all accompanied by 300 dancers.
1	they had two sons and two daughters.
1	he is considered to be a reformer.
1	this marine species occurs off new caledonia.
1	and of course that includes sexual orientation.
1	regular transportation among the campuses is available.
1	from this period only the keep remains.
1	caracas was no longer an ad redoubt.
1	the stadium can host approximately 22,000 spectators.
1	this was the introduction of flash photography.
1	he also played for sergipe in 2009.
1	et and was nationally televised by espn.
1	it is a tributary to tallahala creek.
1	the confederate raiders were commanded by maj.
1	norris qualified sixth and ricciardo qualified sixteenth.
1	icon officially opened on 25 may 2018.
1	neeloor's economy is mainly dependent on agriculture.
1	a marine toilet was a factory option.
1	preece refused to divorce her hapless husband.
1	the outcome of the tests was unclear.
1	coussey was educated at hampton school england.
1	the acquisition was completed in november 2019.
1	she remained in newport until early 1942.
1	on may 29 2013 exelon generation co.
1	indigenous schooling was mainly religious and vocational.
1	results for the communist party of spain.
1	the game encourages players to compete economically.
1	the population was 59 as of 2002.
1	buy a motorcycle and join mary mcgee.
1	he has worked in numerous theatrical productions.
1	lady anne murray (d. 30 nov 1710).
1	carma was born in tel aviv israel.
1	stan greig 82 pianist drummer and bandleader.
1	ambrose alli university faculty of social sciences.
1	he lost again to mason in october.
1	however the testing missions were mostly successful.
1	in 2009 meteor launched bill pay lite.
1	kvirtiya joined fc khimki in august 2002.
1	bridgman conducted the boarding house at eimeo.
1	charles died there in 1850 aged 83.
1	ken briscoe (played by orbach's son chris).
1	eastbourne and hastings are mainly urban areas.
1	he was first a rebbe in glogov.
1	requirement to report periodically to the committee.
1	despite these obstacles there were some successes.
1	korea was another market until early 1987.
1	it was at first a monthly periodical.
1	the soundtrack was composed by ramesh vinayagam.
1	payless operates 19 stores throughout indonesia currently.
1	the sl-1200 was the most influential turntable.
1	on 5 october 1940 she reached bordeaux.
1	robert hartford-davis died of a massive stroke.
1	ulinastatin also suppresses neutrophil accumulation and activity.
1	events from the year 1865 in canada.
1	you are the man of the tour.
1	with sterling he also edited the athenaeum.
1	the announced athlete from did not show.
1	she participated at the 2004 summer olympics.
1	all songs were written by robert williams.
1	his second wife hannah died in 1748.
1	the album was widely acclaimed by critics.
1	the university's president is dr. rob gordon.
1	the population was 113 as of 2010.
1	the latter appearance was the season opener.
1	she recorded two songs from houp la!
1	erik everhard and ferrara joined evil angel.
1	do organizational stories act on different levels?
1	kennedy is the author of 16 books.
1	he was born in madison dakota territory.
1	it holds a number of worldwide patents.
1	mental illness is associated with poorer well-being.
1	bhim bahadur tamang 78 nepali politician stroke.
1	he is a multiple time adcc champion.
1	it was released on 24 may 2017.
1	maly meneuz is the nearest rural locality.
1	little is known about its reproductive strategy.
1	some spots in yemenite jews and palestine(p327).
1	the music was composed by srikanth deva.
1	he also owns his own business smartsize.
1	urmila and doctor again misinterpret rahul's actions.
1	this includes two distinct types of actions.
1	at 09:50 another airstrike killed one vc.
1	the country also faced foreign exchange crisis.
1	flash flooding was reported in pingtung county.
1	eventually titus lets hudson play the beest.
1	old foes became allies and vice versa.
1	it savors too much of book burning.
1	he was born in south arm tasmania.
1	he has a younger sister named jasmine.
1	p. sterneri is a polycarpic herbaceous plant.
1	edward peter mills leading polisher royal household.
1	there are small plateaus interspersed with hills.
1	from 2001 published as critical asian studies.
1	guillaume vandive (1680-1706) printer of the dauphin.
1	they had two sons and one daughter.
1	lawson passes out and dreams of ellen.
1	her counterpart in renegade is named kim.
1	hazelton enrolled at tufts university in 1897.
1	kyle was yet another philippines striking system.
1	pospelov was born at konakovo in 1898.
1	over 12,000 irish and overseas scouts attended.
1	she is portrayed by tracy lynn cruz.
1	two contrasting ideologies are languishing and psychopathology.
1	the name lilkovo appears in that list.
1	gabriel loni and dexter leave for russia.
1	it was described by yakovlev in 2006.
1	for services to the war savings campaign.
1	primary cilia play important roles in chemosensation.
1	this was tested on the oft-2 mission.
1	the record was particularly successful in scandinavia.
1	however the martian is securely locked away.
1	only nine were still flying by 1969.
1	out of these 69 lost their lives.
1	seung-hwa is a korean masculine given name.
1	the filming was completed in 50 days.
1	he got lucky and escaped shanghai police.
1	it blooms for most of the year.
1	most of the students had to leave.
1	a kind old woman takes her in.
1	nols has continued to train nasa astronauts.
1	the population was 2,540 as of 2010.
1	the following decades were somewhat less stormy.
1	william henry bennett chief steward merchant navy.
1	queen also appeared in conventional music videos.
1	istok 1 ir spectroradiometer wavelengths between 4.0-16.
1	leopard was similarly reequipped the following year.
1	swidler was born on december 11 1944.
1	the race was won by jean forestier.
1	the capital bratislava is its largest city.
1	for services to the venture capital industry.
1	it is available in print and online.
1	such a plane is called bragg plane.
1	later on the family moved to merelbeke.
1	the reported number of cases was 36891.
1	under oath the construction worker would testify.
1	artegall quickly falls in love with britomart.
1	the incumbents jaycox and rhodes were defeated.
1	the population in the 2010s was 5834.
1	the reported number of cases was 37363.
1	robert monclar 82 french olympic basketball player.
1	such content-based discrimination raises serious constitutional concerns.
1	the game is divided by separate missions.
1	he was born on january 22 748.
1	today saif is of historical interest only.
1	m from columbia law school in 1984.
1	in october 1888 he married julie fleury.
1	blandford sits along an important travel corridor.
1	he had four sacks and 11 tackles.
1	in 2007 it had 195 registered members.
1	it is also considered their core product.
1	he retained both posts till september 1969.
1	the costumes were designed by paul lormier.
1	he was in the arena all-star game.
1	series two was the last series commissioned.
1	the economy of the region is export-oriented.
1	and the valley is full of fear.
1	the park contains the cape bruny lighthouse.
1	bhainsa darha lake has crocodiles and tortoises.
1	john graham 89 british army major general.
1	leeds were appearing in their first final.
1	in addition hydropower and oil were used.
1	all officers are equipped with small arms.
1	the contract was finalized in december 2008.
1	the village has a population of 100.
1	tampere has buildings from many architectural periods.
1	nancy is the girlfriend of bill sykes.
1	he died at the age of 38.
1	el rincon school (k-5) 11177 overland ave.
1	the church reopened on april 2 2014.
1	it is native to china specifically sichuan.
1	he was reelected in 1780 and 1781.
1	this includes life processes such as metabolism.
1	the origins of the name is unclear.
1	credits adapted from the book liner notes.
1	callistoe is an extinct genus of sparassodont.
1	the population was 11 as of 2010.
1	westover was incorporated on october 12 1911.
1	the final match was the stretcher match.
1	adults feed on aphididae tetranychidae and psyllidae.
1	tramway tracks were installed but never used.
1	the edibility of the mushroom is unknown.
1	max adler is an american lacrosse player.
1	komolong is of german and png parentage.
1	tessie seeks escape in the local dancehall.
1	it is part of robertson county schools.
1	the population was 628 as of 2013.
1	john mccain won 48.38% of the vote.
1	via trimerization butadiene is converted to cyclododecatriene.
1	shows are in hindi unless otherwise noted.
1	they are genetically related to the denisovans.
1	sasaki was born on may 19 1966.
1	the film premiered at the festival 2011.
1	its initial route linked laconia with boston.
1	in 2008 she launched the album acredita.
1	the 48 teams of eccellenza lombardy participated.
1	maciver began her youth career at everton.
1	a third contest ended in similar fashion.
1	he is a member of the kuomintang.
1	the survivors generally moved toward the coast.
1	palm tree cluster near umm bab beach.
1	it is located in the hadhramaut governorate.
1	the town has a population of 2,851.
1	it is located in the hadhramaut governorate.
1	major robert blythman kerr trinidad artillery volunteers.
1	the race was won by mirko celestino.
1	this breeds distrust and will invite anarchy.
1	his sporting interests included cricket and football.
1	the film contains the dhallywood film songs.
1	india's swimming team consisted of 20 swimmers.
1	the village has a population of 40.
1	a small shrub with pale woody stem.
1	the b-1a was officially cancelled in 1977.
1	this is the origin story for agnes.
1	eight teams play in a preliminary round.
1	the do 17s of i. and iii.
1	flory has three sisters and two nieces.
1	plans to restore service have not materialized.
1	it was formerly made of skimmed milk.
1	the sale to the technology group ensued.
1	today yarkant is a predominantly uyghur settlement.
1	in 1889 the local post office opened.
1	distraught she cries at her front door.
1	the delinquent season was filmed in dublin.
1	american journal of clinical nutrition 66 239-246.
1	grit was released on january 7 1924.
1	the sense of impending doom is growing.
1	a young man dances in a nightclub.
1	this was mccourty's second career pick six.
1	forty parliaments are members of the apu.
1	his efforts to do so always backfire.
1	palatka has one public traditional high school.
1	it was released on august 23 2019.
1	the genus was named after saverio manetti.
1	the helmet has wings and a swastika.
1	it was surrounded by the inner corridor.
1	it was released on white whale records.
1	principally these pseudopodia are food collecting structures.
1	it was described by yasumatsu in 1955.
1	these broadcasts include both speech and music.
1	the village has a population of 332.
1	frances marion penton senior forewoman vickers-armstrongs ltd.
1	john gutmann 93 german-american photographer and painter.
1	the rettenbach creek flows west of kammerberg.
1	smellekamp had a restless and irascible personality.
1	bloody island will again be an island.
1	crosby homes constructed apartments above the space.
1	berdin finished as the 4th female semi-finalist.
1	the clan name is: ostoja i hostoja.
1	the village has a population of 515.
1	currently ecyd clubs exist in thirty countries.
1	these are similar to kwic and kwoc.
1	she's intelligent and a very good cook.
1	he briefly returned to ethiopia in 1909.
1	he spent 2019 with the pulaski yankees.
1	every week i caught a new pitcher.
1	he has represented wales at under-21 level.
1	listed by the climatological data national summary.
1	it contains 54 poems over sixty pages.
1	he was re-signed on march 8 2011.
1	kiss pinball serves no useful purpose whatsoever.
1	each credit was good for one bid.
1	stanton continued to improve during the year.
1	goad was a native of windsor berkshire.
1	inhabitants of fontainebleau are sometimes called bellifontains.
1	castillo was soon replaced with isabel pena.
1	it is a 1 megawatt pool-type reactor.
1	roce v2 and iwarp packets are routable.
1	it was built in the mid-18th century.
1	there was a why do you ask?
1	she had a crew of 26 men.
1	i'm not popular enough to be different!
1	the songs were composed by a.r. rahman.
1	he graduated from school in the village.
1	it is a science fiction anthology series.
1	he won the karatsu 10-miler in 2003.
1	afterward he read law with george nicholas.
1	they are manufacturers of meaningful inspiring products.
1	constitution continued patrols unaware of the delay.
1	it's outdated and antiquated but not offensive.
1	as they leave beatrice drops her glove.
1	its area is approximately 8 square miles.
1	muslims of india and the muslim league.
1	his only son was edward pryce owen.
1	the stage was designed by bert vervaet.
1	canter died in phoenix in january 2015.
1	galarza was born in camiri in 1972.
1	she remained at drury lane until 1709.
1	sheds its fragrance through the unclouded day.
1	from 2000-2001 he studied singing in italy.
1	kancharapalem is an old settlement of visakhapatanam.
1	their leader is a large emperor penguin.
1	edgley was featured in several printed magazines.
1	east feliciana parish school board serves slaughter.
1	it was opened on 20 december 2018.
1	the film had musical score by kaithapram.
1	thompson's win was number 12 for kiekhaefer.
1	the operation ceased in the early 2000s.
1	the space is now a grassy area.
1	he won his first golden glove award.
1	they resume in 1922 regularly as 2mt.
1	the millennium pavilion is also situated here.
1	king hussein of jordan: a political life.
1	in the act fielded 56 list candidates.
1	minami-ishii station opened on august 1 1957.
1	it was released on april 10 2012.
1	sometimes several schools organize a joint event.
1	where they were exposed they were parged.
1	the village has a population of 2,200.
1	austria-spain in vienna (1959) in discus throw.
1	this christ is distinct in romanesque architecture.
1	it was dokic's 1st wta doubles title.
1	she continues to work as a journalist.
1	belliqueux was broken up in september 1772.
1	it's really gotten them into some trouble.
1	he played college baseball at texas tech.
1	the race was started at 17:30 eet.
1	a total of 870 were reported sick.
1	dna-templated transcription is the method of transcription.
1	its archives were transferred to keele university.
1	the project logo represents the philosopher's stone.
1	the number of books in the tanakh.
1	the way public library serves perrysburg area.
1	service finally ended on march 7 2005.
1	he debuted with their reserves in 2021.
1	shearer has two children london and jade.
1	a different version of who's to blame?
1	the village has a population of 159.
1	a thick glacis protects the engine rooms.
1	re1 nxf2 black would win a pawn.
1	the 2012 running took place at hanover.
1	he was re-elected without opposition in 2000.
1	the result is something admirable but lifeless.
1	here africa champion nigeria was beaten 3-0.
1	they don't have a case against her.
1	hawick and wilton cricket club remains today.
1	the population was 282 as of 2013.
1	it is native to sumatra in indonesia.
1	he was named a first-team all-acc player.
1	the first subscriber was the soviet union.
1	the entrance door has an arched structure.
1	tdd tests do not need to be.
1	ritual worship was also given to kings.
1	iron man defeats all of these criminals.
1	bralver seems more intent on satisfying voyeurs.
1	in 1770 he was singing at copenhagen.
1	donald mcqueen chief engineer officer merchant navy.
1	dolci david con la testa di golia.
1	it is marketed as a meglumine salt.
1	she has two sisters mariah and rachel.
1	any colour other than red was useless.
1	forty-five cars were entered for the race.
1	similar but worse than nba 2nd-team players.
1	subsequently spectrum video became wizard's distribution partner.
1	the eye was located above the constriction.
1	captain ellis arthur organ master merchant navy.
1	they are assigned to the gala group.
1	and what's the strongest version of that?
1	high p values indicate under-performance low over-performance.
1	the population was 5 as of 2010.
1	individuals also competed for the international trophy.
1	the holmegaard brand was acquired in 2008.
1	chi is referred as the chizu chingkhanhoa.
1	for services to the boy scout movement.
1	it is located in the khalsi tehsil.
1	events in the year 1999 in greece.
1	captain george norman hodson nottinghamshire home guard.
1	the participle  'being' genitive has fixed accent.
1	the station opened on 1 november 1858.
1	it stars charlotte rampling and bruno cremer.
1	edited by margaret a. majumdar (2002) 14.
1	sandie dixie headteacher greenhill primary school oldham.
1	but finally he decides to help maria.
1	hyland k. (2016) teaching and researching writing.
1	der abenteuerliche vorstoss des menschen ins meer.
1	upi is politically subdivided into 23 barangays.
1	thus deaf schools relied on philanthropic contributions.
1	it normally maintained five infantry companies there.
1	three of those goals were game-winning goals.
1	this is one of the largest-bodied subspecies.
1	the inflorescence contains 2 or 3 flowers.
1	jarman appeared to simply have mild concussion.
1	this season the league had 12 teams.
1	he also lived in canoga park california.
1	i thought 'god he is getting paid.
1	at each end was an artillery store.
1	the first time war was like this.
1	noy is currently the director of c.a.
1	labour lost its majority at this election.
1	sibirskiye ogni is the nearest rural locality.
1	tolls are only collected for eastbound traffic.
1	they started out at creative hotspot thuishaven.
1	usin kerim is a bulgarian romani poet.
1	the race was awarded to herb thomas.
1	the firm holds business conferences and summits.
1	baikalfinansgrup acquired yuganskneftegaz on its first bid.
1	eldred was born in melbourne in 1920.
1	in 1905 he married eleanor m. lowman.
1	john grefe was one of niemann's coaches.
1	wava-fm broadcasts in the hd radio format.
1	this property is rare in nonlinear equations.
1	objections in parliament became loud and frequent.
1	an hour later the fighting was widespread.
1	going hat-less is now a social norm.
1	in may 1976 the division was disbanded.
1	he made his mlb debut in 2017.
1	he was interred in the city cemetery.
1	d. was named the college's third president.
1	what's a bad night for a tree?
1	the larvae feed on various low-growing plants.
1	the two brothers parted ways after this.
1	the institution's last director was susan greenfield.
1	tel and a terrible deal for optus.
1	calybitia is a monotypic snout moth genus.
1	students had previously attended school in homes.
1	all songs were written by neil finn.
1	route 22 stops just a block away.
1	the secretaries of state have equal rank.
1	the fruits are ellipsoid up to long.
1	the town was renamed scottsdale in 1894.
1	torae daily conversation (2008) internal affairs ent.
1	most shipments were accompanied by armed guards.
1	mount akita-komagatake seen from lake tazawa 20210213.
1	the right image does use distance falloff.
1	this source possibly reflects to simon kacsics.
1	to date lawson operates over 11,384 stores.
1	bentley became a noted geneticist and educator.
1	it was described by martins in 1975.
1	he is buried in traquair parish churchyard.
1	the complex features six disneyland paris hotels.
1	in 1995 she married stephen jay gould.
1	investments in education and technological development decline.
1	there is also a round apical dot.
1	after 2008 : seat does not exist.
1	it did not reopen for five years.
1	rayon was also used in some undergarments.
1	it's fun just how different it was.
1	for services to local government in wales.
1	the refuge has had a colorful past.
1	the gas powered engine produced 14 horsepower.
1	it was published by del rey books.
1	the building originally had of interior space.
1	he fought at the battles of steenkerque.
1	its name was taken from buffalo bill.
1	it published a catalog of the exhibition.
1	by the 1960s the mill was derelict.
1	this included boxing fencing basketball and tennis.
1	it was described by horn in 1885.
1	the piece is both memoir and cookbook.
1	unfortunately the nomenclature is a bit confusing.
1	the base of the costa is blackish.
1	it is commonly found in calcareous areas.
1	it has also been recorded from moldova.
1	he co-produced 2020 romantic gujarati movie golkeri.
1	the series was announced in august 2017.
1	she returned to norfolk in june 1981.
1	he wrote numerous philosophical and psychology books.
1	kadiya chourasi is a small nearby township.
1	the badger analogies are frequent retribution violent.
1	fossils are organic traces of earth's history.
1	it was first aired in september 2001.
1	his artistic production mirrors his culture's faith.
1	some expressed a spiritual connection with music.
1	it was described by schaus in 1911.
1	the tigers repeated winning the 1997 cws.
1	it caused no known deaths or damage.
1	their criminal trial collapsed in october 2019.
1	he was the youngest of six children.
1	she wrote under pseudonyms 'ashakya' and 'namumakin'.
1	they had two sons pierre and michel.
1	boston and new york: houghton mifflin 1923.
1	sendai looks energetic and loves night battles.
1	kimi watanabe-finster (dionne quan) is chuckie's step-sister.
1	the team closed after the 2009 season.
1	the 2019 event was the 160th show.
1	the toronto high school mascot was trojans.
1	nonionic lipids are safe nontoxic and biocompatible.
1	this is also the current asian record.
1	karrat island is an island of greenland.
1	the team's color are white and red.
1	bannockburn also hosts its own rugby club.
1	this is why nanoparticles are being used.
1	in 1991 the competitor bartec-compit was purchased.
1	he was born on 1 july 1971.
1	he was the only casualty of independence.
1	daza had one younger brother named inigo.
1	lovegrass is commonly used as livestock fodder.
1	octavian drove him back to the mountains.
1	chrome side trim was revised as well.
1	it belongs to the honeyeater family meliphagidae.
1	she had inherited it from her father.
1	two videos were filmed for the song.
1	the stadium was located in santa ana.
1	and this holds true for all priests.
1	myrmeleon pictifrons is a species of antlion.
1	the most common lewis bases are anions.
1	the strait is long and approximately wide.
1	they included the painter astrid louise richter.
1	janet mcgilp headmistress of lochburn home glasgow.
1	the species was first described in 1907.
1	all other ways are false and dead.
1	vocal production was done by merna bishouty.
1	these industries pay less than other industries.
1	for services to the community in wigtownshire.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	this theory is contested by most paleontologists.
1	chase was chosen to lead the assault.
1	orley regained her amateur status in 2002.
1	corsino fortes (born 1933) cape verdean poet.
1	hia is an arabic monthly women's magazine.
1	los confuses kratsov by removing the disguise.
1	there were 2 hospitals with 37 beds.
1	it was described by martins in 1967.
1	her solution was characteristically impulsive and bold.
1	haleck was born in utulei american samoa.
1	the ira continued bombing targets in england.
1	there are 32 teaching hospitals in france.
1	she later attended goldsmiths university of london.
1	mehta was born and raised in mumbai.
1	the coat of arms displays two lions.
1	a maskarin is also known as ekadandin.
1	one million kroner was raised in capital.
1	each inflorescence has up to 10 flowers.
1	it is found in papua new guinea.
1	he was released on june 29 2016.
1	introduction to the relevance of indigenous knowledge.
1	the church dates from the 15th century.
1	cheverus offers to hear the men's confessions.
1	it was released on october 19 2011.
1	in the aftermath many communists were arrested.
1	he stated in a report on mlb.
1	he is commemorated on the thiepval memorial.
1	the lesser kudu inhabits dry bushland regions.
1	they should be good at solving problems.
1	hudson canyon bay colt 2013 by galileo.
1	transparency international serves as an umbrella organization.
1	it stars claudia cardinale and monica vitti.
1	all times are in minutes and seconds.
1	he and the lady alanna trained together.
1	he said he was hacked and apologised.
1	the description was published in the orchadian.
1	some people give their fish body piercings.
1	he was survived by his wife jennifer.
1	sounder occasionally appears at bluefish home games.
1	bainbridge was wounded twice during the battle.
1	she also has superhuman strength and endurance.
1	the wing is composed of two groups.
1	the armenian team came in third place.
1	isabella asks lollio how franciscus went mad.
1	schell began acting at the basel theatre.
1	it is found in papua new guinea.
1	a quarrel broke out over this matter.
1	he received the award 10 september 1897.
1	in 1914 she married young berryman smith.
1	garrett has had an extensive music career.
1	acromegaly affects about 3 per 50,000 people.
1	shortly afterwards he converted to roman catholicism.
1	the school has six branches in dhaka.
1	west pushed back strongly against the accusations.
1	incorporated in 1996 as click interactive inc.
1	first seen in the wrath of makino.
1	smithsonian contributions to paleobiology 88: 152 pp.
1	the older benin formation is partly consolidated.
1	he also served in moscow and ukraine.
1	fire destroyed the centralia plant in 1980.
1	kevin edwards former national basketball association player.
1	the space includes a public reading room.
1	they issued one album on warner bros.
1	motor racing continued until the late 1940s.
1	she plays for saurashtra and west zone.
1	a son patrick was a first-class cricketer.
1	he fought at quebec and was captured.
1	walter ferguson was born in guabito panama.
1	see the subspecies section for more information.
1	slave tribes was published by tsr inc.
1	a magnetic drum memory provided 16,384 words.
1	subic bay followed and another upkeep period.
1	plains-dwelling tinamous have higher-pitched more delicate voices.
1	satish chandra 94 indian historian (medieval india).
1	it feeds on many kinds of plants.
1	zoom issued a fix in april 2020.
1	it is breitenstein's first major league start.
1	latini studied jurisprudence and belles-lettres at siena.
1	in 1902 he retired from the firm.
1	a post office was established in 1830.
1	eight steam locomotives were available for operations.
1	he edited the 1941 film goodbye franziska.
1	his position was a right full back.
1	yazidis speak the kurdish language of kurmanji.
1	in the 1960s the failing eversharp co.
1	llabres asked for forgiveness from those hurt.
1	the hurtin' albertans is lund's touring band.
1	lieutenant-colonel robert emmet winning australian military forces.
1	its president and ceo is helen sabzevari.
1	his brother charlie is the managing director.
1	ross sponsored bloom from 1928 to 1933.
1	dilorenzo increased the number of clustered parishes.
1	its zip codes are 37912 and 37921.
1	for services to education in northern ireland.
1	acting wing commander edward george wooberry (43652).
1	leah's life as jacob's wife was distressful.
1	powers had two brushes with the law.
1	about 75% of the people are educated.
1	the 1991 election was her first campaign.
1	the association is based in welwyn england.
1	two women enter with a young boy.
1	there were no casualties on the island.
1	the marathas first attacked gujarat in 1705.
1	in august lejf jaeger left the bone.
1	dugucanavanua has played for suva in fiji.
1	this article is about floriculture in canada.
1	angel mendez learning center in his honor.
1	the preen gland is small and tufted.
1	the river remains underground in the park.
1	in 1625 it became a separate jurisdiction.
1	exit a mali station guangzhou metro p2.
1	the village is in the bobirwa region.
1	he was released on may 13 2014.
1	council is located behind the peshawar museum.
1	however she never engaged in general practice.
1	in both cases the puzzle is solved.
1	there are a few other differences also.
1	the episode aired on may 3 2020.
1	the band also included producer adam schlesinger.
1	set seven world records during his career.
1	the average household size was 2.3 people.
1	moses continues to visit milla at school.
1	dalserf railway station once served the village.
1	swiss pirate party which registered the wikileaks.
1	different types of musical cycles can overlap.
1	their first child was born around 1829.
1	lake ketchum is located at (48.284778 122.342511).
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	the secretary of aatuf was amadou n'diaye.
1	in september 2013 american express again triumphed.
1	the population was 1,689 as of 2010.
1	the notorious jack powers is in hermosillo.
1	jeremy larson founded the company in 2003.
1	it is found in papua new guinea.
1	preferred trees include the ohia and koa.
1	it was nationalized on 1 april 1944.
1	the condition is thought to be uncommon.
1	in 1912 maclean married mary helen clarke.
1	these serve fish and mammals as food.
1	ordaz perez graduated from montwood high school.
1	published july 8 2008 by delacorte press.
1	brock's successor in 1964 was theodore roszak.
1	olmo's father miquel is a retired footballer.
1	it was produced on broadway in 1974.
1	mana motuhake has since left the alliance.
1	he also is member of two committees.
1	the song was a major worldwide success.
1	for services to the administration of science.
1	teacher leadership for a reinvented teaching profession.
1	on the orders of manchukuo uniforms market.
1	the album sold over a million copies.
1	he graduated with a b.a. and ll.
1	it is served by the gold line.
1	he is the son of philippe boisse.
1	in 1964 he was appointed a gcmg.
1	it is a tributary of dubois creek.
1	hafid was chosen with tirto adhi soerjo.
1	the republicans also win the city council.
1	pupation takes place outside of the mine.
1	the organization is based in arlington va.
1	eddy fortes (born 1950) rotterdam-based cape-verdean rapper.
1	he may or may not be autistic.
1	sultana can render songs in 32 languages.
1	umashree sinks into the role of rudri.
1	david sydney rowe-beddoe chairman welsh development agency.
1	platynereis dumerilii builds tubes on its substrate.
1	the population was 293 as of 2010.
1	its port of registry was liverpool lancashire.
1	he also played violin clarinet and saxophone.
1	the ib is well accepted by universities.
1	the game ended in a 5-0 victory.
1	there are several globular clusters in hydra.
1	the subject was the next marine commandant.
1	elevation is 75 feet above sea level.
1	the western annex only rises five stories.
1	he departed in the summer of 1895.
1	the veracity of the account is debatable.
1	moore owned several slaves during his lifetime.
1	jewish organizations did not challenge this decision.
1	it is situated east of halle (saale).
1	that's the only way you restore order.
1	her book faten highlights the author's motivations.
1	they feel it's a low profile job.
1	it is also considered a four-star rank.
1	each side then refortified and took stock.
1	you should discuss with the chancellors further.
1	the jersey was the xfl's best seller.
1	the pairing was later known as hermanubis.
1	the cheney bypass was opened in 1966.
1	his hobbies included beekeeping chickens and dancing.
1	chavez began his tenure in july 2022.
1	francis p houdina developed a radio-operated automobile.
1	he was the son of paul mantoux.
1	she was educated in budapest and helsinki.
1	companies headquartered in aichi include the following.
1	he captured the heights outside jefferson maryland.
1	these were enthusiastically pursued by lord mostyn.
1	laporte joined the national front in 2014.
1	c. franklin nugent house 67 orchard ave.
1	the population was 362 as of 2010.
1	initially mwakenya was not a clandestine organization.
1	schwule und lesben im wien des 20.
1	it has published more in the past.
1	if uncontrolled stress may lead to panic.
1	the tour ended on january 29 2012.
1	in early 1950 lewis hired whittaker chambers.
1	the two votes are visualized in richmond.
1	eulenburg more than any other living being.
1	the water temperature climbed to 140 degrees.
1	robert hannah chief engineer officer merchant navy.
1	rashtrika is a sanskritized form of ratta.
1	the bbc showed six televised games live.
1	the college is affiliated to gauhati university.
1	the lights go out and lightning cracks.
1	his family later moved to janesville wisconsin.
1	the following displays the location of teams.
1	seattle would lose their first 3 games.
1	marriott hotel was secured and hostages evacuated.
1	in 1920s the shanghai office was opened.
1	the population was 381 as of 2010.
1	alan smith of plymouth topped the averages.
1	she was married in vietnam in 2007.
1	the race took 250 laps to complete.
1	details of richards' training are not recorded.
1	it is tri-service (navy army air force).
1	hasan was briefly imprisoned by badr al-jamali.
1	priestley was privately cremated after the ceremony.
1	fairly common usually seen in draft breeds.
1	the smallest odd abundant number is 945.
1	farooque's hometown is in kaliganj upazila gazipur.
1	it is the 3rd nhk taiga drama.
1	amenities include a wading pool and playground.
1	a second shaft was sunk in 1897.
1	confirmed victories are numbered and listed chronologically.
1	afghan hound races also took place here.
1	it is commonly eaten in inexpensive restaurants.
1	incumbent democrat martin frost ran for re-election.
1	incumbent republican dick armey ran for re-election.
1	spore capsules are rarely formed in cultivation.
1	the chinmaya mission houston started in 1982.
1	the population was 1,093 as of 2010.
1	the mystical philosophy of t.s. eliot (1970).
1	only anglers and surfers use the area.
1	in 2022 bonkers started touring events worldwide.
1	he was given a number of honours.
1	bubble covers should be removed during superchlorination.
1	lee's father bill lee composed the score.
1	a promin based on a balancing machine.
1	seeger recorded oleanna twice for folkways records.
1	the amiga game scored highly as well.
1	gallery during july 8 august 13 2010.
1	the two characters were presumably not related.
1	the candidate was on the winning team.
1	halldorf hotel a spoof of waldorf astoria.
1	he wrote 19 films for tim holt.
1	a promin based on an electric fan.
1	he followed hazzard to ucla in 1984.
1	it was ostrogski who built starokostiantyniv castle.
1	farid ibrahim haddad inspector of pharmacies palestine.
1	one may not signal to one's partner.
1	incumbent republican beau boulter ran for re-election.
1	sr 526 next intersects state road 15.
1	the roundish fruits measure up to long.
1	francis walder 90 belgian writer and soldier.
1	her father was lutheran her mother catholic.
1	marie michigan and alligator alley in florida.
1	churchill retired from the army in 1959.
1	from 1954-62 he lived in the usa.
1	the main campus is in gilroy california.
1	there were some scenes filmed in spain.
1	kurzel is married to actress essie davis.
1	the estimated cost of repairs was $400,000.
1	he received a ma and a ph.
1	the resulting deposits are called illuvial deposits.
1	summers are typically hot with high humidity.
1	she had undergone small repairs in 1829.
1	it is found in the indomalayan realm.
1	this may differ from place to place.
1	the bibliography below lists her published works.
1	holt married margaret mcconnell in july 1932.
1	the bridge is still in good condition.
1	it featured curled redwood and white paint.
1	group tours are available with advance scheduling.
1	the division is responsible for of territory.
1	the museum also has a reproduction v1.
1	today excavations continue on a limited basis.
1	charlene also takes too long and fails.
1	attila petschauer also of hungary took silver.
1	membership revenues are critical to facilitating access.
1	walker's stay in parramatta was not long.
1	local historians also joined in when appropriate.
1	all athletes with two or more medals.
1	they had three daughters and a son.
1	he was awarded the title in 1857.
1	the village has a population of 232.
1	it is known from taiwan and japan.
1	it was never officially banned in germany.
1	caluya is politically subdivided into 18 barangays.
1	incumbent democrat charlie wilson ran for re-election.
1	district offices are located in portland oregon.
1	tufts university presents to special library association.
1	if they applied to read the ba.
1	pre-standard captive portal approaches are also common.
1	the draft met with 97.2% approval rate.
1	joel manages to delete it on time.
1	by charter of incorporation granted by chas.
1	the kannada version was a super hit.
1	they could have been in any territory.
1	she departed the serial in november 2011.
1	it has been distributed by decca records.
1	this was used to fire bottle corks.
1	it generally flowers from august until november.
1	this album includes soundscapes by robert fripp.
1	some uefi implementations offer kernel dma protection.
1	l'art du portrait photographique: noir-et-blanc et couleur.
1	the debt was settled later that month.
1	by her who died on 24 jan.
1	one router uses 802.11s mesh networking protocol.
1	mumtaz ali khan sub-inspector united provinces police.
1	he graduated from tsinghua university in 1937.
1	zara cormack as kimberly mason frodo's girlfriend.
1	a real working barber shop gives haircuts.
1	the species is found in kuril islands.
1	maslow abraham h. the maslow business reader.
1	the genus contains two widely distributed species.
1	the population was 180 as of 2010.
1	they reared him in a christian manner.
1	hugo launicke (1909-1975) antifascist and sed politician.
1	the bonus track varies according to regions.
1	each year the minimum payment due rises.
1	swedish edition first published in april 2008.
1	another improvement was the conning tower fairwater.
1	del tarrant was played by steven pacey.
1	the four petals are clawed and hairless.
1	johnny's west was on the doyoru series.
1	ed. by order of the oldenburgische landschaft.
1	the organisation was overseen by ron pretty.
1	photo of gettysburg monument to the unit.
1	the 2010 soc includes 840 occupational types.
1	soroczynski closely mentored his own son bartlomiej.
1	the minto-morley reforms were passed in 1910.
1	she appeared in drama wafa on ptv.
1	in october 2016 lycos sold the hotbot.
1	this causes reduced visibility and yellow color.
1	the afaa also awards scholarships each year.
1	tolkien learned esperanto some time before 1909.
1	a promin based on a comic book.
1	she graduated at the university of taipei.
1	modernization and the transformation of international relations.
1	keyboards a harmonica acoustic guitars feature prominently.
1	the beak and feet are both grey.
1	the agreement will end may 7 2022.
1	it was established on february 14 1964.
1	captain frederick george lancaster detective inspector bahamas.
1	professor nirmala rao joins auw as vice-chancellor.
1	a promin based on some sugary foods.
1	on june 22 1963 she married howard.
1	discarded tiles are removed from the game.
1	manomaya means composed of manas or mind.
1	illinois is a governing member of parcc.
1	on the evening of august 30 maj.
1	this time however issues were resolved faster.
1	foreign learners are advised to avoid this.
1	don't consider everything just everything that matters.
1	the show was cancelled seven months later.
1	the final was held on july 5.
1	the primary is a faint red dwarf.
1	its seat is in the village landwehrhagen.
1	amelia marshall as rita wilson will's mother.
1	maria bamford as stuart and george's teacher.
1	competition included 43 sports and 77 disciplines.
1	it was shot on location in copenhagen.
1	ramniwas bagla president municipal committee moulmein burma.
1	yank rachell 94 american country blues musician.
1	the roman name for bowes was lavatrae.
1	kathy shields is a canadian basketball coach.
1	a music video was released in 2000.
1	the above examples give good reason why.
1	in 2015 the wind chests were restored.
1	attempts are only valid within the ring.
1	afterward mike finds pat waiting for him.
1	bourbon county is a strongly republican county.
1	in mallersbach and niederfladnitz kaolinite was mined.
1	uss upshur (dd-144) was named for him.
1	psychologically nagging can act to reinforce behavior.
1	minneapolis-moline inherited msm's ca membership and attitude.
1	the western peak reaches above sea level.
1	the depot became the center of activity.
1	none of these matched her earlier successes.
1	screens were the first thing i bought.
1	compounds with tania manning and paul daley.
1	peer pressure plays a role as well.
1	since 1927 russians where experimenting with parachutes.
1	rahman was married to sharmila rahman sithi.
1	the principle implies transfinite induction and recursion.
1	the caliphate coastal watchtowers are called mihras.
1	the nearest medical college is at kottayam.
1	they celebrate the supper in utmost simplicity.
1	in 1979 ebbc won its first title.
1	the site contains audio files about science.
1	it is bisected by green pond road.
1	on april 19 2016 sands was released.
1	produced by olivier glissant and shahram shiva.
1	ethnoecology as applied anthropology in amazonian development.
1	in 1938 he returned to japanese-occupied korea.
1	the college arms were added in 1875.
1	incumbent jordan maynor was appointed in 2021.
1	for u21 he only played one match.
1	one is primarily concerned with shopper motivations.
1	wattie dick 85 scottish footballer (accrington stanley).
1	he represents the sitarganj (uttarakhand assembly constituency).
1	howell and colleagues added enhancers to these.
1	selected poetry by juana rosa pita (2010-2019).
1	he received record radio and television engagements.
1	king mahendra coronation medal (2 may 1956).
1	j38 sterling and francine clark art institute.
1	normally all retreats are silent and undirected.
1	she has acted in over 72 films.
1	five hectares of land have been allocated.
1	in november 1947 the nave roof collapsed.
1	chen was later sent to fuzhou jiangxi.
1	this is arguably not true in practice.
1	reflectors are a type of conferencing system.
1	the cardinals put the game away early.
1	all contain tetrahedral silicon and terminal hydrides.
1	she was buried in the yeni cami.
1	it was e. minter's 1st career title.
1	james refused to sign the national covenant.
1	he was educated at normanton junior school.
1	she lost the bout via split decision.
1	it is a parasite of porcellio scaber.
1	she entered the duchy on 18 april.
1	artillery was also used as flame carriers.
1	the gliac was founded in june 1972.
1	alfaro retired at the age of 33.
1	anaheim was ultimately unable to sign him.
1	it is famous for its picturesque scenery.
1	luxturna (voretigene neparvovec) for leber's congenital amaurosis.
1	it's nicer than a go-between sewage works.
1	which have no correspondence with true sight!
1	from captain jinks of the horse marines.
1	there are seven elevators in the building.
1	he has no relation to jarkko nieminen.
1	unlike other galliformes they have no spurs.
1	locho is widely eaten in surat city.
1	he reached trichy on 5 april 1888.
1	he was released on august 13 2018.
1	slugs are common agricultural and horticultural pests.
1	the monument was first proposed in 2015.
1	schindler prepped at san diego high school.
1	they became arguably modo's first nhl stars.
1	later he joined the ukrainian insurgent army.
1	infections can occur from june until autumn.
1	harasewych m. g. and y. i. kantor.
1	book nine dust pulls the storylines together.
1	kumura lost the fight by unanimous decision.
1	two songs (1952) for baritone and piano.
1	at this time the plateau was unnamed.
1	and has a daughter named shivika chaudhary.
1	his prehistoric mammal form is a smilodon.
1	the po decided to go into opposition.
1	the bangor class came in two versions.
1	both were published by bandai namco games.
1	russia threatened legal action over the postponement.
1	the white-shouldered ibis is a solitary breeder.
1	the three figures form a geometric triangle.
1	tsubakihara won the fight by unanimous decision.
1	stait was born in snow lake manitoba.
1	isolation and antigenic characterization of lassa virus.
1	the pigeons never went to sea again.
1	typically referred to as a ping flood.
1	since 2015 ferrandi has been developing jump!
1	his prehistoric mammal form is a mammoth.
1	deleon springs is located at (29.120268 81.352988).
1	she was married and had no children.
1	the mania played one season then folded.
1	she banded 3,734 birds of 69 species.
1	it is located in the occipital lobe.
1	she was born in new cumberland pennsylvania.
1	the air-conditioning system was replaced in 1960.
1	branches divaricate stem purplish thickened at nodes.
1	it is headquartered in madison heights mi.
1	another visitor from away has also come.
1	herceptin (trastuzumab) for her-2 positive breast cancer.
1	he was active from 1650 to 1721.
1	they are incubated for about 23 days.
1	he is the manager of fc balashikha.
1	it defeated expert charles fenner rated 2016.
1	her resources are like a deep well.
1	the main house was built about 1813.
1	indicates the contestant is the runner up.
1	nominees were announced on january 16 2013.
1	the run drew thousands of rail enthusiasts.
1	royal engineers royal signals and supporting arms.
1	among his pupils was thomas l. mckinley.
1	she has presented at the story collider.
1	workers are waiting for a living wage.
1	the film's score was composed by vedha.
1	that does not apply to french flemish.
1	native american legal materials collection title 1227.
1	nutropin aq (somatropin) for growth hormone deficiency.
1	this species also favors wood chip piles.
1	amazed and thrilled they sought his forgiveness.
1	propagation is by seed cuttings or layering.
1	i am the husband of your sovereign.
1	internally people were housed in wooden huts.
1	its first day saw over 1,000 visitors.
1	howden ganley was fourth with stewart fifth.
1	however shanzhai isn't limited to mobile phones.
1	every airplane they built was a success.
1	the population was 91 as of 2002.
1	he plays for fc kamaz naberezhnye chelny.
1	there are also other definitions and measures.
1	it has also been recorded from alabama.
1	he died from colorectal cancer in 2017.
1	john returned in round 12 (huddersfield giants).
1	the exact mechanism of diloxanide is unknown.
1	pullin was educated at south bank university.
1	he attended marshall university graduating in 1941.
1	in april 2015 they opened in cheltenham.
1	they have not finished this high since.
1	in 1989 the toll booths were removed.
1	his life his times and his art.
1	the fourth issue appeared in april 1949.
1	felice ippolito 81 italian geologist and politician.
1	the throat is slightly livid not lirate.
1	her administration team includes two vice principals.
1	the number of visitors is around 600.000.
1	the sword of zagan and other writings.
1	an arab-themed music video was also released.
1	he is also a retired industrial electrician.
1	madhav's brother dies trying to protect roopsundari.
1	his bowling style was leg break googly.
1	cleft palate syndromes are such an example.
1	national airlines three model 18-50s delivered new.
1	both sexes also have blue speculum feathers.
1	three prizes in the australian mathematics competition.
1	in 2005 jacksonville hosted super bowl xxxix.
1	biography written by drummer budgie april 2000.
1	alfie barbeary rugby union player for wasps.
1	joseph dawson is a retired english boxer.
1	the film was aired in spanish cinema.
1	wallace performed under the name dj masterweb.
1	both ferraris retired early with engine trouble.
1	the genus was later renamed to ravinvirus.
1	more passengers boarded in cedar key florida.
1	he believed that this undermined their credibility.
1	the events of star trek: lower decks.
1	you can't just cater to the audience.
1	the population was 753 in 2011 census.
1	its territory roughly coincided with modern shandong.
1	jeddayel has a hot-summer mediterranean climate (csa).
1	d'oyly married margaret randall of pulham norfolk.
1	it does not include receiving or returns.
1	this is a list of brandy products.
1	the survey was finally completed in 1853.
1	the same idea was implemented in commonloops.
1	in many cases they are also pacifists.
1	grodzisk wielkopolski greater poland the town hall.
1	there are several bridges crossing the river.
1	it can be detected however by doppler.
1	his daughter elizabeth tyringham married william praed.
1	new market was followed by operation lightning.
1	he wants me to let him out.
1	in 2016 ascendos rail leasing was purchased.
1	michael pieper joined group management in 1989.
1	d'oyly was the son of william d'oyly.
1	butalangu is a town in central uganda.
1	the project was ended in april 1972.
1	her photos decorate the cover of catalogs.
1	production of components for propulsion systems began.
1	the first championships was held in 1991.
1	he was a man of letters too.
1	elton anzac cummings ballina new south wales.
1	he is now the chairman of cfm.
1	of such stuff are circulation gains made.
1	he acted in numerous significant hungarian films.
1	all three men denied the senator's claims.
1	the parrot is made from aluminum sheet.
1	exercises to improve muscling helps the problem.
1	she suggests the fish in the fountain.
1	he specialized in racist and threatening calls.
1	the east window is by william wailes.
1	controversies involving science exists in all aspects.
1	he made friends on the team quickly.
1	the series was a quinn martin production.
1	william milton riley hern goaltender montreal wanderers.
1	focher began his career for hammer spvg.
1	cellulosimicrobium cellulans is a pleomorphic gram-positive bacteria.
1	cellulosimicrobium cellulans can cause rare opportunistic infections.
1	one faculty-equivalent position was created in 2005.
1	the majority of corallivore species are browsers.
1	its first big account was cebu pacific.
1	he died in april 2021 aged 87.
1	production changed what we would have done.
1	cliff williams was born in abercarn wales.
1	the itz flooded coburg in early 2003.
1	marcy was completed on january 19 1949.
1	the population was 4 as of 2010.
1	schnitger's exact disposition at noordbroek is unknown.
1	otaka is also unable to find work.
1	the death and resurrection of the author?
1	final responses for festival and normal time.
1	mucus feeders feed exclusively on coral mucus.
1	critical resistance (cr) was formed in 1997.
1	amaravathi was released on 4 june 1993.
1	also meskhetian turks live in the village.
1	mixed at larrabee sound studios (hollywood california).
1	jim o'brien 64 film and television director.
1	he was also a national merit finalist.
1	adam carolla's show was also later canceled.
1	bottas won the race ahead of verstappen.
1	they receive their water from natural springs.
1	by 1891 they were living in nottingham.
1	how can you have it both ways?
1	little is known of his early life.
1	the work was not published until 1949.
1	she had to leave her plane behind.
1	inderjit badhwar susan leong: india chic hotels.
1	lucy and young had seven children together.
1	it is known from australia including queensland.
1	thomas alan johnston is a scottish engineer.
1	why does this always happen to me?
1	a new campus north campus was opened.
1	they would go at it for weeks.
1	douglas fairbanks debuted in the lamb (1915).
1	two plays later state guard scholl scored.
1	the church porch is only somewhat later.
1	occasionally roberts wrote editorials for the liberator.
1	the fiscal and telegraph stamps of ceylon.
1	bluth will be listed as a producer.
1	muslim sailors visited middlesbrough from about 1890.
1	the series was received a mixed reception.
1	at the same time money isn't everything.
1	the show ended after its first season.
1	enemy zero began life on sony's playstation.
1	a versatile midfielder bosschart played for quick.
1	the following software can create epub files.
1	tod called the agricultural enterprise brier hill.
1	he left london on 23 april 1585.
1	he settled permanently in paris in 1782.
1	joanna francis tolvanen moore park beach queensland.
1	joseph made known the existence of witchcraft.
1	he served as nuncio until october 1775.
1	ubm was a global b2b events organizer.
1	native instruments' massive x softsynth requires avx.
1	they are generally lance-shaped with sawtoothed edges.
1	the archimedes' screw is diameter and long.
1	additionally psychosocial determinants also have an impact.
1	it is used as a research reagent.
1	lionel messi was ranked as number 1.
1	events from the year 1722 in art.
1	they found douglas at bamburgh in northumberland.
1	nevertheless the carthaginians repeatedly attacked the camps.
1	maryland is a governing member of parcc.
1	named after lieutenant commander wilmer cook usn.
1	there are six books in the series.
1	she met her husband michael in bendigo.
1	the album was distributed by perris records.
1	prabhat mukul chaudhuri arp officer chittagong bengal.
1	it is headquartered in st. clairsville ohio.
1	shirley martin searle staff officer war office.
1	la narrativa del noroeste argentino: historia socio-cultural.
1	the video captured the musical imagery perfectly.
1	the goods yard was to the north.
1	my shed is my pride and joy.
1	earl is aware of his dire situation.
1	this edition is printed in gothic characters.
1	work on the album began in 2001.
1	here the motive seduction is part protective.
1	his first release since termination from mercury.
1	evans did not contest the 2003 election.
1	captain thomas william smith master merchant navy.
1	the village is famous for brick manufacturing.
1	he has scored 12 first grade tries.
1	he missed the 2019 season as well.
1	in january 2012 posada decided to retire.
1	the festival was held at eko atlantic.
1	the cornerstone was laid february 18 1909.
1	in total 198 muntz jets were built.
1	he is the father of gigi chessa.
1	one day who refuse to recognize him.
1	he replaced tranquillo orsi at that position.
1	brown nominated hemigenia purpurea the type species.
1	the induction ceremony took place in birmingham.
1	according to the website the name album2.
1	it was consecrated on 30 june 1880.
1	this area is in the east valley.
1	however boats are restricted to 10 horsepower.
1	alvy's father ran the bumper cars' concession.
1	a promin based on a lecture table.
1	there are two benches inside the gate.
1	however these changes are not always made.
1	the reactors are all of toshiba design.
1	the production was directed by christopher gattelli.
1	individual section opening dates are provided below.
1	gatwick express trains run direct to gatwick.
1	naile sultan (15 december 1725 october 1727).
1	mature trees line the boulevards and streets.
1	hamburger fought the exclusion through legal means.
1	finally ground was broken in may 1908.
1	it was described by mulsant in 1843.
1	in early 1688 they landed on australia.
1	this is illustrated further with examples below.
1	comfortable swimming temperatures exist by early july.
1	incumbent republican steve bartlett ran for re-election.
1	westlake died in london ontario in 1906.
1	the following year there were 16,990 crimes.
1	a second edition was published in 1875.
1	wosh-tv faced several issues as 1954 began.
1	the 2012 olympics were kiribati's third games.
1	its calyx is divided into 5 parts.
1	it was described by bates in 1865.
1	contrasts for clarinet violin and piano sz.
1	he started his career as a pharmacist.
1	it was described by mateu in 1958.
1	there are 56 marshrutkas routes in novosibirsk.
1	bolles was born without arms or legs.
1	in 2018 clarifai released an on-premise solution.
1	thus the positive-only amplified output is unfaithful.
1	duncan resigned as an mep in 2017.
1	there were 8 teams competing this season.
1	also the argument must apply to mankind.
1	the contest was held at nice france.
1	he is an alumnus of clemson university.
1	it was replaced by the kite flyer.
1	exception handling is supported since swift 2.
1	buck moved to norwich vermont in 1785.
1	the ship's company consisted of 22 personnel.
1	it stars jairo and stella maris lanzani.
1	many of the victims were buried alive.
1	he made his in-ring debut in 1978.
1	he published several articles attacking the town.
1	paul van bruystegem bass guitar backing vocals.
1	his father is the engineer adam heller.
1	the novosibirsk metro was opened in 1985.
1	the pentahydrate is the most common form.
1	it is also found in eastern texas.
1	recommended to the episcopal congregations in connecticut.
1	josh peck as liam a nerdy boy.
1	the case against zuma was thus dismissed.
1	his grandson was the sculptor garibaldo affanni.
1	one of these is endemic to japan.
1	the pan-american highway in ecuador charges tolls.
1	crosswalks connect the platforms with the sidewalk.
1	in 1975 he published in the beginning.
1	the museum was opened in april 2015.
1	the rejected dissertation was nevertheless later published.
1	the population was 316 as of 2010.
1	literacy is limited especially in rural areas.
1	the amount ranges from rp30,000 to rp50,000.
1	the editor-in-chief is dik roth (wageningen university).
1	he was then granted six months leave.
1	peter a. thiboutot was the assistant superintendent.
1	poopsie a factory girl and union activist.
1	the final was held on august 17.
1	sergeant major william john gilliam royal marines.
1	many of them were adapted to film.
1	events from the year 1927 in nicaragua.
1	the championship was contested over eleven races.
1	the assumption of the rogues and rascals.
1	the station opened on 11 july 1965.
1	brown professor of biological science in 1981.
1	view of ojuelegba under bridge yaba lagos-nigeria.
1	brenda a member of the grievance committee.
1	overcome with guilt she confesses the crime.
1	he also served as an arp runner.
1	turner field home of the atlanta braves.
1	the community is located off interstate 81.
1	in 1992 he received a guggenheim fellowship.
1	he can score goals and deliver assists.
1	pro wrestling vs mr. pro wrestling match.
1	guinsiliban is politically subdivided into 7 barangays.
1	furey was re-elected in the 2017 election.
1	the national exam consists of three parts.
1	he also spent money on various showgirls.
1	it also canceled all competitions in russia.
1	the population estimate for 2015 is 901,129.
1	arpoador engenharia astilleros armon etp engenharia ltda.
1	the capital of the county is khalilabad.
1	he received his coaching licence in 2010.
1	number of spokes in the ashok chakra.
1	penton's innovations also included off-road motorcycling apparel.
1	all were on their first operational tour.
1	wai lan was arrested and pending trial.
1	the board of transportation meanwhile was dissolved.
1	that was the end of that club.
1	els wins his 26th european tour title.
1	however the area still has significant problems.
1	the cylindrical hollow stipe measures by thick.
1	kugelberg died april 29 1963 in sweden.
1	it was the sequel to gardes-marines ahead!
1	he won tour of serbia in 1940.
1	he played college football at james madison.
1	much of the area contains modern buildings.
1	in 1922 the village had 429 households.
1	she was launched on 9 july 1911.
1	empress elizabeth is childless and increasingly ill.
1	smith's work was praised by his contemporaries.
1	hermann weyl got the job in zurich.
1	mark burkhalter was born in atlanta georgia.
1	it starts at the common iliac veins.
1	he grew up on tom ward ave.
1	skippy also made a hit as mr.
1	doug colman (born 1973) former nfl linebacker.
1	residents had access to automobiles and tractors.
1	her core administration includes the assistant principals.
1	jiading is a suburban district of shanghai.
1	rader graduated with the class of 1975.
1	bunde's economy centers on agriculture and tourism.
1	in 2011 mariuz retired from professional football.
1	deputy president of the college of midwives.
1	it was filmed at barr beacon aldridge.
1	since 2017 the superintendent is matthew joynt.
1	in 2000 hen transferred to maccabi netanya.
1	brien edward brien and francis brien owners.
1	this nomination is done for award's credibility.
1	he was a recipient of padma shri.
1	originally all nets were made by hand.
1	bellmon returned to his agriculture business interests.
1	these glands reabsorb water from the feces.
1	became 147th tank brigade 1 august 1941.
1	captain george edward roberts master merchant navy.
1	the labels refer to the drawing above.
1	subsequently restoring public trust became an issue.
1	the total number of households was 111,192.
1	three halls with openwork ceilings separate them.
1	i can't snap out of the character.
1	the ahl allows for practice squad contracts.
1	in area this was the largest township.
1	lyons switch is located at (35.769157 94.707655).
1	these factory workers are also called millers.
1	in particular he worked with djelloul khatib.
1	honorees include clarice carson and irving guttman.
1	it has been competed for since 1986.
1	in 1938 inmates staged a mass escape.
1	however he had only one mill built.
1	the quills do damage when striking opponents.
1	captain (temporary major) william byrne indian army.
1	however only certain colors are in demand.
1	entrants included rhys millen and bryan norris.
1	it is named in the classical tradition.
1	this gap enlarges electrical current amplitude differences.
1	no examples of a b-32 remain today.
1	the other tribunal is the apostolic penitentiary.
1	rosswood is a settlement in british columbia.
1	the literary tradition of it went on.
1	there are 500 records of his songs.
1	helen johnson houghton 102 british racehorse trainer.
1	both drivers were caught in drs trains.
1	in winter 911 liu attacked yiwu circuit.
1	the name spoons first appears in 1990.
1	i'm not dyin' for no white man.
1	the head and upper parts are brown.
1	the fountain was dedicated in may 1916.
1	the following year she was reclassified ca-15.
1	they were looking for cheap good land.
1	the school district was formed in 1947.
1	in 2001 nutrition fellowship programs were established.
1	it is roughly 17 hectares in area.
1	in 2003 he moved to gamba osaka.
1	the village has a population of 60.
1	hbs played one sunday and shs another.
1	the geschwader supported the afrikakorps until 1942.
1	elldorado met trouble in the year 2004.
1	university of kansas publications in humanistic studies.
1	the arboretum contains more than 25,000 trees.
1	a book titled not just cartoons: nicktoons!
1	journal of cognition and development 1 37-41.
1	the body is elongated pubescent and brown.
1	konsole was originally written by lars doelle.
1	they include seminars luncheons conferences and galas.
1	i wasn't looking to start up again.
1	the three sons of giovanni were painters.
1	william black's novel a daughter of heth.
1	li gets in her car and leaves.
1	count johan august sandels was her grandfather.
1	something will be done in two weeks.
1	he was succeeded by his eldest son.
1	the league ceased operations in april 2019.
1	both takam and takam-chi are turkic-azari words.
1	ruokangas licences the buzz feiten tuning system.
1	the village has a population of 3,100.
1	its closest relative is the genus vietnamophryne.
1	devas can also be seen as tutelary.
1	flither is a local term for limpet.
1	the columns are in pairs and triplets.
1	zucchi was born in mandello del lario.
1	it's his delivery that keeps you enthralled.
1	harry cottam chief engineer officer merchant navy.
1	he designs nba nhl and mls hats.
1	the conference has been held since 2012.
1	kamara was waived on may 11 2022.
1	she was allocated to seas shipping co.
1	it was mentioned in the domesday book.
1	since 1933 it houses the ingauni museum.
1	she contributed to the field of medical.
1	the approximate number of inhabitants is 3,700.
1	audits should be both routine and event-based.
1	the population was 424 as of 2010.
1	he approaches them as if simply curious.
1	kiedis then had surgery on his foot.
1	sonja sutter was born in freiburg germany.
1	the first speaker of lok sabha sh.
1	menino long opposed publicly funded tuition vouchers.
1	aron currently resides in green bay wisconsin.
1	he named it the ignaz kreidl fund.
1	the elephants shook with fear and ran.
1	he's someone that we love and trust.
1	the village has a population of 40.
1	the village has a population of 340.
1	the reform was passed in may 2018.
1	the following sweep was planned for 2018.
1	how many apples does tom have now?
1	directorate of overseas surveys tolworth uk 1980.
1	today the department has twenty-eight sworn officers.
1	he missed the 2011 rugby world cup.
1	another term for it is partial sum.
1	the second single can anybody tell me.
1	harold john crowe principal scottish home department.
1	nolan would be replaced by niclas larsen.
1	he later played for kloten in switzerland.
1	fought in battle of raseiniai june 1941.
1	the iucn status was reviewed in 2017.
1	he was completely insane as a result.
1	it is not that i fear nothing.
1	he currently (2017) conducts herefordshire youth orchestra.
1	the population was 71 as of 2013.
1	deb aoki writing for the website about.
1	a cooking battle between celebrities is held.
1	it was hosted by veterinarian katrina warren.
1	the historic honcho market is also here.
1	the race started and finished in budapest.
1	german finances had been devastated by hyper-inflation.
1	machov lies on the border with poland.
1	the album received platinum certification in dec.
1	william ihlenfeld d-ohio in the 2018 election.
1	atlantis' crew was awakened at 13:08 utc.
1	othon friesz and dufy fauves in attendance.
1	he promulgated 158 dnus in one year.
1	the parish had 4,231 parishioners in 1917.
1	darnell collins 33 american spree killer shot.
1	some sportsmen also ice fish for smelt.
1	kagemni held a great number of titles.
1	in 1411 he enrolled at vadstena monastery.
1	environmental approval was granted two months later.
1	they were some of our nation's finest.
1	june maccloy actress was born in sturgis.
1	the teams are known as the vikings.
1	the second verse then begins at 3:01.
1	in 1260 bremen joined the hanseatic league.
1	this new religion hardly appeals to me.
1	two hundred people were arrested in sydney.
1	john jackson is an english television screenwriter.
1	in 2003 alex innecco became the director.
1	toyada machining center was introduced in 1996.
1	the remainder did not answer this question.
1	largo's first public water system begins operations.
1	the residual adilabad district is hindu dominated.
1	ferrari gustave and marie louise pereyra (1954).
1	the population was 183 as of 2010.
1	designed by and named after lancelot brown.
1	he won the election and entered parliament.
1	in 1912 hazelton married emma louise beech.
1	at that time their ngurungaeta was weeng-her-bil.
1	the books are meant for younger readers.
1	chianuri is kept in a warm place.
1	wie werde ich ein verdammt guter schriftsteller?
1	it is near the town of sittingbourne.
1	all of the hydrogen halides are irritants.
1	he was waived on april 1 2019.
1	langdon and sophie escape with the cryptex.
1	the main auditorium has 775 numbered seats.
1	the house's low profile emphasizes its horizontality.
1	the county only had a nine-year existence.
1	rumble seats were optional on coupe model.
1	the village has a population of 100.
1	the south coast is characterised by mangroves.
1	this leads to the mori projection operator.
1	training may be provided by other organizations.
1	validation must be sought for individual logoi.
1	maney attended and graduated from boston college.
1	kunal bhatia performs in a restrained manner.
1	ricciardo fell to thirteenth in the wdc.
1	the short tour is well-documented on revenge!
1	the village has a population of 56.
1	its sister school is apollo high school.
1	spi handled over 100,000 calls from 2019-2021.
1	he was educated at trinity college kandy.
1	gianni ghidini 65 italian road racing cyclist.
1	they need each other to play baseball.
1	the percentage of child population is 13.84%.
1	the film received mixed reviews from critics.
1	it was described by straneo in 1940.
1	alzira rufino nilza iraci maria rosa pereira.
1	miguel calero 41 colombian footballer cerebral thrombosis.
1	ghot village is located in western maharashtra.
1	the adaptation and her performance were praised.
1	nh 34 is about from the site.
1	they were withdrawn between 1900 and 1904.
1	clarkson was an act candidate in 2011.
1	anabisetia may fall in a similar position.
1	the project was finally completed in 1936.
1	park avenue the road to sandymount village.
1	the door suddenly slams and joan jumps.
1	tutush i killed aq-sunqur in may 1094.
1	klee became mystical as his art matured.
1	this system also connected to fort gibson.
1	most of the production occurred before 1868.
1	jin-woo is a korean masculine given name.
1	in 2019 the theatre hosted 149,700 guests.
1	vom verfasser der szenen aus fausts leben.
1	her boyfriend bill is in the navy.
1	he speaks about the female land army.
1	el hijo del tejedor (the weaver's son).
1	there are two types of penoscrotal transposition.
1	rahmatul muneem is head of the division.
1	it became effective on 1 october 2021.
1	arattupuzha is the part of vallachira panchayath.
1	story published in a revista maranhense nr.
1	the population was 100 as of 2010.
1	rubha mor is also a double entendre.
1	vincent is a youth exponent from auxerre.
1	the broadcast was introduced by ronald reagan.
1	he and his family live in kenya.
1	it was an adaptation of the sniper!
1	sonata no. 1 in f minor op.
1	simonon is also an established visual artist.
1	i. s. osborn was the team captain.
1	she stepped down on january 16 2012.
1	the headquarters was the town of quilon.
1	he graduated from yale college in 1814.
1	the huskies are coached by ryan swan.
1	gdp per capita in 2015 was $3871,3.
1	buildings were made of granite and brick.
1	mukul dev starred as the lead actor.
1	a maronite synaxarium was dedicated to her.
1	kanpur chakeri airport services strictly domestic destinations.
1	villanueva has also posed for multiple magazines.
1	he later resigned from his teaching post.
1	machen 3-digit numbers were prefixed with 440.
1	the rosettes measure up to in diameter.
1	war the jakarta globe february 9 2012.
1	eberts was born in st. thomas ontario.
1	enos stutsman pioneer settler of north dakota.
1	additionally a minor character provides the prologue.
1	bourke street is named after john bourke.
1	several international organizations maintain and standardise metrology.
1	it was re-released onto cd in 1995.
1	he then passed two months in paris.
1	curley headed doctor was modoc from california.
1	quillen's original short proof uses generic flatness.
1	cyclone storm dragon storm dragon's evolved form.
1	nighthawk female a light brown giant bird.
1	the population grew to 6,414 by 1920.
1	from my life (2009) autobiography by kennedy.
1	toyoharu station opened on 17 november 1929.
1	the village has a population of 1,300.
1	l5 is associated with long toe extensors.
1	brian bromley 65 footballer (bolton wanderers portsmouth).
1	it is a shrub with sticky leaves.
1	mao's first wife was waitress hao mingli.
1	her daughter was the actress eva may.
1	filling of the reservoir started in 1967.
1	clinched playoff seeds are shaded in green.
1	it bakes into a crisp buttery pastry.
1	they had four sons and a daughter.
1	since then speed restrictions have been relaxed.
1	drinking soma produces immortality (amrita rigveda 8.48.3).
1	reverend mark b. shaw gave the invocation.
1	he is buried at adams rural cemetery.
1	the new car entered service in 1932.
1	all axles are mounted on air suspension.
1	dick was committed to a sanitarium again.
1	cork retained their provincial crown in 2006.
1	the episode aired on december 7 2011.
1	the show aired on november 27 2011.
1	it falls under the gangtok municipal corporation.
1	axel wanscher (1848-1877) was a prominent industrialist.
1	he went to harvard school for boys.
1	he usually plays as a tighthead prop.
1	atlas agreed and syfy ordered the series.
1	he served in the war of 1812.
1	on april 8 the jin captured changzhou.
1	there are no schools in the locality.
1	lorenzen took the lead on lap 39.
1	the current concessionaire took control in 2000.
1	for services to the life sciences industry.
1	osaghae is religious and volunteers at churches.
1	almost all the boundaries are survey lines.
1	he was released from prison in 2010.
1	duffy feigns ignorance and leaves the office.
1	the official one thousand children web-page: www.
1	it flows into the usa near wernborn.
1	in 1960 the club was renamed edmonton.
1	he was released on november 1 2017.
1	a jnnurm scheme was put in place.
1	meerut city railway station is the busiest.
1	they have one daughter and four sons.
1	on the may 1st episode of impact!
1	the park had 398,000 visitors in 2017.
1	livingston and dunn continued riding toward hubbardton.
1	vishwanath temple is dedicated to god shiva.
1	many villages were depopulated land was abandoned.
1	the reported number of cases was 37670.
1	all skunks are striped even from birth.
1	published by the nigerian mathematical society nigeria.
1	he finished 16th in the men's marathon.
1	kramer was born in st. louis missouri.
1	the buildings are also used as warehouses.
1	both of these are preserved dead specimens.
1	he also played briefly for york city.
1	he lost the fight via unanimous decision.
1	she wore a divided skirt on kosciusko.
1	it featured several covers of pop singles.
1	the parish was established 30 october 1919.
1	it is known as alaskan picture writing.
1	bryan todd died on 29 may 1987.
1	she leaves wisconsin to travel to california.
1	the ring weighs depending on ring size.
1	his entire right side was almost extinct.
1	they seized macedonia and the pillaged everywhere.
1	this has also been called roadless trucking.
1	ward manufactured water-tube boilers in many sizes.
1	numerical methods in engineering vol. 18 775-781.
1	they had a son and a daughter.
1	i do what my growers tell me.
1	he was subsequently a diplomat and businessman.
1	he was waived on september 1 2018.
1	karen yarbrough was elected to succeed him.
1	eight seasons of the show were made.
1	he attended phillips academy in andover massachusetts.
1	after the first world war in 1925.
1	the village has a population of 1,571.
1	this forms the rest of the story.
1	in 1845 it became the county seat.
1	the number 1 online guide for wales.
1	visconti's squad wore numbers 150 through 158.
1	some vendors have invented their own notations.
1	it is northwest of center city philadelphia.
1	the monument is now on private land.
1	more than 80 different designs are used.
1	the mission was recovered after seven days.
1	on january 14 2011 aq interactive inc.
1	an active collector market exists as well.
1	events in the year 2020 in cuba.
1	from the birds of canada (1988) series.
1	avid is also offered schoolwide at mountainside.
1	bowers-style acronym names are given for cross-referencing.
1	in 1987 she married robert bowen birge.
1	in 1949 the trial of pieters started.
1	events in the year 1985 in turkey.
1	valuate many nights go many days disappear.
1	antigua was in service in august 1789.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	he made his mlb debut in 2017.
1	maumill had grown quite close to burke.
1	the album was produced by bob ferguson.
1	aymoz began learning to skate in 2003.
1	en torno a infancia del pan nuestro.
1	laura lynelle killin (married 1968 divorced 1974).
1	nsue is a cano sport academy product.
1	the species is named for alexander bulawsky.
1	one female fencer represented panama in 1984.
1	swami shankarananda was the teacher in residence.
1	the race run over at flemington racecourse.
1	foxhall daingerfield's best man as daingerfield's nov.
1	some guns were loaned to the gendarmerie.
1	it was described by villiers in 1982.
1	on january 18 2017 at 7 a.m.
1	alexander johnston skipper of a steam drifter.
1	worked on the old moses daley ranch.
1	espn deportes aired the game in spanish.
1	one of his brothers was percival hall.
1	numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute.
1	each club played the other three once.
1	two readers are also elected each year.
1	the nearest railway station is at vatakara.
1	pagsanghan is politically subdivided into 13 barangays.
1	it was previously known as (until 1870).
1	however her personality is the exact opposite.
1	the cameraman was in front of us.
1	she sings in the soprano vocal range.
1	wamscher's father-in-law was headmaster of the institution.
1	several of his books remain in print.
1	tents on the island were also destroyed.
1	zeger is a dutch-language masculine given name.
1	the album was also released by universal.
1	on the syntax of agreement in tibeto-burman.
1	anmerkungen zum wiederaufbau historischer see und binnenschiffe.
1	it flows into the gessenbach in gera.
1	fredrick a chabad was founded in 2009.
1	the population was 50 as of 2010.
1	additionally there are several water taxi services.
1	referential density in discourse and syntactic typology.
1	ministry of health and family welfare's rs.
1	x35 (diamond bus) between walsall and lichfield.
1	it is found on misool in indonesia.
1	there are many variations of pepes recipes.
1	vibes left the team the next day.
1	robert dunn chief engineer officer merchant navy.
1	house of soderini a noble florentine family.
1	ottagono luci e rubinetti a padova nr.
1	it is known from papua new guinea.
1	this species is native to north america.
1	her feast day is on march 3.
1	the show ended on june 21 2008.
1	first of all they had strategic advantages.
1	then comes a pradakshina worshiparound the temple.
1	the males compete aggressively for the females.
1	she also made collections of etched portraits.
1	immediately a cult surrounding her grew up.
1	the singles received radio play on kerrang!
1	rajesh hits vicky and vicky shoots rajesh.
1	the population was 291 as of 2010.
1	frank leonard bunn chief constable of stoke-on-trent.
1	plan for entrance to central park (3678964534).
1	he died somewhere in sussex in 1900.
1	they have two children: hanah and jackson.
1	mike leigh received the lifetime achievement award.
1	the older name is gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (ggtp).
1	this imprint creates an 'alpha' social attitude.
1	this orchid greatly resembles the bulbophyllum pulchellum.
1	phegeus soldier in the army of aeneas.
1	men and women basically have equal power.
1	he was sacked on 8 january 2022.
1	such variables do not affect battery operation.
1	his daughter marion married edward cyril malone.
1	gibraltar also decided against returning in 2009.
1	where could all this blood come from?
1	among others abortion was legalized in 1978.
1	the father is suffering from a cough.
1	artisans which predominate are the auto mechanics.
1	the poem's historicism creates another complicating dynamic.
1	the deposed carlos iv died in 1819.
1	david flett skipper of a steam trawler.
1	it was described by turner in 1936.
1	this would lead to his eventual conviction.
1	it have a capacity of 7,000 places.
1	stanley long 78 cinematographer and film director.
1	clients usually implement different types of interfaces.
1	it's the main foundation for indian rights.
1	it blooms in september producing pink-white flowers.
1	the revolution released him in the pre-season.
1	he played two seasons with the spirit.
1	there is a secondary smaller lutheran church.
1	the population was 371 as of 2010.
1	however barnowski issued seven bases on balls.
1	the rules have changed little over time.
1	syedra supported septimius severus and took privileges.
1	edward bulwer-lytton's (anonymous) novel the coming race.
1	the land grant contract must be signed.
1	the population was 2 as of 2010.
1	lespinasse secured the abandoned spanish artillery park.
1	the population was 55 as of 2002.
1	contestant has sold to all three buyers.
1	longchang is a feature to develop tourism.
1	it was released posthumously in september 2016.
1	most present-day sources consider the charges false.
1	the collaboration resulted in a sell-out tour.
1	the koliwad committee (2014-2016) listed 1545 lakes.
1	pakistan won it easily by 10 wickets.
1	the album combines jazz and hip hop.
1	schott was hospitalized on february 9 2004.
1	mariette hires him as her private secretary.
1	johan henrich poulson was a danish violinist.
1	gadirli identifies himself as a civic nationalist.
1	this marine species occurs off okinawa island.
1	both solid body and semi-acoustic versions exist.
1	she is known as 'the wise one'.
1	this sets alarm bells ringing for becky.
1	rahman was born on 9 january 1969.
1	kinmont is a given name and surname.
1	the first successful birth was in 1993.
1	intimidated frenzel agreed to take the job.
1	diseases caused by poor hygiene are prevalent.
1	it is known from kazakhstan and turkmenistan.
1	it cost approximately $15 million to build.
1	in april 1955 james stephen mcauliffe sr.
1	mccourt won the bout via unanimous decision.
1	they appear singly or in short chains.
1	she visits his school to find him.
1	timbers bred raised and exhibited norwegian elkhounds.
1	for services to the community and education.
1	the mmps have a common domain structure.
1	events from the year 1693 in china.
1	brother of canacee and friend of triamond.
1	co commanding officer (of a major unit).
1	the land was in phillips county arkansas.
1	he co-owns the production company seven stories.
1	and her legs so she can't reproduce.
1	the genus was first described by gottsche.
1	member of the iranian sitting volleyball team.
1	this parasite is found in west africa.
1	his brother nicholas also played for hertfordshire.
1	branches are woven together and lightly tied.
1	this method is also called ogv printing.
1	in 1815 he married sarah ann carman.
1	things are happening movement is being made.
1	the modified policies were promulgated on 1922.
1	after the liberation from ottomans in 1878.
1	voter turnout was reported to be 88%.
1	mating occurs in the spring and summer.
1	the building is now a private house.
1	the cold store was demolished in 2016.
1	the next day world war iv starts.
1	its interior is now a public park.
1	he lost the fight by unanimous decision.
1	simon (elder) defended this idea for decades.
1	facts and fancies a book of essays.
1	he is a cousin of lassana diarra.
1	for services to libraries in north staffordshire.
1	it is also a popular surfing destination.
1	the musical direction was by nicole paiement.
1	by 1917 the organization had 32,000 members.
1	in 2007 reruns of what a cartoon!
1	includes a number of unique design points.
1	the original release length was 98 minutes.
1	his award-winning talk show (ru) blue pages.
1	two surgical procedures are available for use.
1	d. from the open international university (2000).
1	this superseded the postponements of several matches.
1	a further two sf340s are on order.
1	they think they know her possible target.
1	they have the potential to destabilise us.
1	its southern boundary varied with each edition.
1	reassigned may 1954 to pinecastle afb florida.
1	she then decides to join the club.
1	it has 2 cofactors: fad and iron.
1	roosevelt skerrit is the incumbent prime minister.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	in 1240 he joined the franciscan order.
1	mining and mineral extraction with minimal equipment.
1	he announced his retirement in september 2012.
1	however the system did continue in use.
1	the otherworld announcer went to brandon potter.
1	they have to work for their passage.
1	he was briefly engaged to honora sneyd.
1	the gt3 was produced in two versions.
1	lampanyctus pusillus is a species of lanternfish.
1	in 2006 annual sales exceeded $400 million.
1	liberals won seats in 2015 and 2019.
1	it is connected by the d2 highway.
1	the film has won three film awards.
1	the inmate may be hooded or blindfolded.
1	the stadium is situated in stad cad.
1	there are currently over 4000 students enrolled.
1	it is based in santa clara california.
1	brian walsh declined to join the bloc.
1	all banksia exhibit serotiny to some extent.
1	the roof is covered in slate tiles.
1	the music was composed by rajeev taranath.
1	clarke served in military intelligence during wwii.
1	she died in le plessis-robinson in 1961.
1	this chapter is divided into 20 verses.
1	additional engineering was performed by allan hessler.
1	my man godfrey (1936 poster style d).
1	tom kennedy died on 11 may 1968.
1	p687 la gracieuse (fort-de-france) decommissioned in 2017.
1	and that didn't do too much good.
1	murders in the rue morgue (1932 poster).
1	the police cannot be above the law.
1	and it happened just as columba said.
1	the village has a population of 80.
1	badger enters announcing his return from california.
1	seven machine gun bullets through the stomach.
1	ticket sales were discontinued in march 2000.
1	in september 2015 luckley house became co-educational.
1	territory sizes also vary depending on location.
1	the jury was chaired by kavita krishnamurthy.
1	rosalind hill 88 english historian heart failure.
1	mound construction also occurs at this time.
1	malaria and the anopheles mosquitoes of tajikistan.
1	the school opened on january 16 1936.
1	i try to emulate myself after that.
1	guillaume de provines 9. july to 29.
1	by 1933 engineering had outgrown the building.
1	however he was still only a child.
1	he died in 1933 of heart disease.
1	he is portrayed primarily by jensen ackles.
1	he lost the bout by unanimous decision.
1	one in eight (13%) residences are duplexes.
1	the current superintendent is steven l. wright.
1	hla genes are highly polymorphic between individuals.
1	the digitized recordings were recorded on cd-rom.
1	stadler's tangos are used as rolling stock.
1	she has also been featured on racked.
1	this is highly unlikely for two reasons.
1	there are no alignment or sorting rules.
1	halpern has recorded more than 50 albums.
1	chapman was born at hitchin in hertfordshire.
1	duke was twice wounded during the war.
1	the timber trade became a massive business.
1	salovey took office on july 1 2013.
1	he played roles in what's up doc?
1	nye is a surname of anglo-saxon origin.
1	he played college ice hockey at minnesota.
1	in badshahnama lal khan is invariably mentioned.
1	several hadiths describe muhammad's esteem for her.
1	the steam distribution corridor contains surface condensers.
1	all three are important in chinese symbolism.
1	damages of $5,000 were awarded to nikanov.
1	spielberg received a directors guild award nomination.
1	shortly after the race yibir was gelded.
1	the body and wings are dark brown.
1	arbaces climbs the wall into the garden.
1	the register contains deaths since 1970 inclusively.
1	he primarily played as an attacking midfielder.
1	kendall was born on 16 april 1972.
1	international award sustainability and innovation in housing.
1	in 2015 unity merged into the gmb.
1	designed by arnold palmer and ed seay.
1	he was succeeded by his son simon.
1	he earned a degree in canon law.
1	the sketch was shown in the area.
1	voormalige bovenslagmolen papiermolen oud ootmarsum 20053627 rce.
1	dhak was released on parole in 2004.
1	murder in space (1985) (tv) as maj.
1	resistance to some protease inhibitors is high.
1	the collections specialise in west african objects.
1	the admiral earl jellicoe also retired there.
1	the cause of his death is unknown.
1	he most notably played in the liiga.
1	this was crucial to develop colour photography.
1	bonano represented argentina at various youth levels.
1	cigale's parents' coats were not extensively marked.
1	in 1999 he played in 2 games.
1	eight teams play in the regular competition.
1	he is the current manager of danubio.
1	vernee phones use the android operating system.
1	he started acting at age of 45.
1	all times are central standard time (utc-6).
1	the band the bees are from ventnor.
1	isabella was launched in 1825 at shoreham.
1	it was his second and last film.
1	moran singh purty is an indian politician.
1	they finally abandoned her on 24 may.
1	blaine is married and has two kids.
1	meanwhile deivanai is kidnapped by sakkara gounder.
1	on 21 july 2017 joined to al-hazem.
1	the season started on 16 august 2019.
1	he founded littlemore scientific engineering company (elsec).
1	crowds continued to come through the 1950s.
1	vasily nalimov 86 russian philosopher and humanist.
1	richard edward hughes is an american physicist.
1	his final design consisted of four colours.
1	catherine scorsese 84 italian-american actress alzheimer's disease.
1	the crane was a bird of omen.
1	jean gravelle 69 canadian ice hockey player.
1	moran married his wife elaine in 1997.
1	in short the workers sorted the lumber.
1	his strength was in the jumping hill.
1	this section is credited to john badger.
1	the novel is composed of seven chapters.
1	his complexion was fair his hair curly.
1	each fired six ends of three arrows.
1	the first historically traceable zakarid was khosrov.
1	it would last until november 25 1960.
1	people promised to comply with the request.
1	it was kind of depressing said pope.
1	this skill is practiced by juvenile orangutans.
1	curt flood 59 american baseball player pneumonia.
1	he was named an all-american in 1931.
1	he succeeded his elder brother anthony thorold.
1	evan davies was born in tumble wales.
1	the council remained no overall control however.
1	cai's subordinate zhang hao surrendered to yang.
1	the album was produced by bob johnston.
1	lastenia tello de michelena by arturo michelena.
1	he played college football at howard university.
1	zion ame church undergoes historic restoration work.
1	jabedar was born in tabriz in 1941.
1	they had 3 sons and 2 daughters.
1	it grossed $20,183 at the box office.
1	it was designed by architect c.c. rittenhouse.
1	he graduated from princeton college in 1847.
1	she moved to los angeles in 2006.
1	that was way before louis armstrong's time.
1	they must be reasonable in their demands.
1	a rainforest climate prevails in the area.
1	routier's husband believes that she is innocent.
1	it is also a growing surfing destination.
1	in april 1935 he married annie roch.
1	kareli is very famous for gur mandi.
1	it consists of sixty members called senators.
1	there is probably one generation per year.
1	the episode aired on september 29 1973.
1	he was married to vena yocom matthews.
1	gerry takes david back to their house.
1	the formal siege began on 29 april.
1	alteration to the window of the library.
1	he also had a private law practice.
1	there are 188 home-based businesses in lakeview.
1	the book was published in february 2019.
1	by 1920 mackensen retired from the army.
1	in 1983 corral moved to the usfl.
1	however winrock remained profitable for many years.
1	his work included the barth hotel (1882).
1	his play whatever happened to saint joanne?
1	the secondary section was known as st.
1	santharam v (1979) crows feeding young koel.
1	njit left one on-campus venue for another.
1	wir gehen am freitag miteinander ins kino.
1	he served on that authority until 1992.
1	this ensures an equal distribution of nutrients.
1	in iceland it peaked at number three.
1	july 19 karen khachaturian 90 russian composer.
1	k composes the music for the film.
1	the later 2005 reissue contained two singles.
1	lctfs have been utilized for aerospace imaging.
1	he played college football at mississippi state.
1	he also studied in venice and florence.
1	this operated much like modern disability insurance.
1	additionally they demanded the autonomy of mass-media.
1	the roman primacy to a. d. 461''.
1	wilson is the stepdaughter of stella adler.
1	one commonly used method is code obfuscation.
1	they sailed back in the next year.
1	the local cricket club is fauldhouse victoria.
1	it received generally positive reviews from critics.
1	solomon islands claimed bronze over hosts vanuatu.
1	every week show has a different theme.
1	it continues southeast with us 43 south.
1	in september 1882 the news was confirmed.
1	the exercise is divided into two phases.
1	the band continued performing live until 2008.
1	he also has an older sister georgia.
1	you must see it to believe it!
1	filming took place from september december 2013.
1	not all racing classes allow rain tires.
1	saint-ambroise-de-kildare doesn't have any notable sporting facility.
1	they feed on invertebrates and small fish.
1	august 1932: kasai subprefecture renamed tokachi subprefecture.
1	luckily the spartans have the same problem.
1	august 14 yekaterina golubeva 44 russian actress.
1	for this season there is no jury.
1	northwestern found no basis for the complaint.
1	publius vergilius maro bucolics aeneid and georgics.
1	after his death she remarried george rowan.
1	it minimizes delay and maximizes intervention time.
1	the seminoles who remained prepared for war.
1	events in the year 2016 in belgium.
1	edna griffin died on february 8 2000.
1	there were 17,900 males and 19,200 females.
1	the companion is a suspected variable star.
1	there is another view point worth noting.
1	windows are stained glass and obscured glass.
1	in 1960 the compression ratio was 11:1.
1	weiss was born and raised in jerusalem.
1	the software is as simple as vocaloid.
1	she was scrapped in 1950 at grays.
1	aleatory techniques exploiting randomness are also common.
1	in 1978 he married actress elga andersen.
1	jessica o'rourke (born 1986) professional soccer player.
1	the lesser kudu is a spiral-horned antelope.
1	extraterritorial cases (charles sumner lobingier ed. 1920).
1	japan became a permanent partner in 2015.
1	all seven volumes are available in english.
1	the eyres altered the front in 1717.
1	ashoka becomes emperor of the maurya empire.
1	play-off results are from the same website.
1	i drew pictures for the khmer rouge.
1	juanita married horace w. goggins a dentist.
1	exceptional devotion to duty under adverse conditions.
1	harry styles (born 1994) singer songwriter actor.
1	the overall direction and policies of spunout.
1	railfans are most welcome at this location.
1	she also established a nonprofit tutoring service.
1	it was produced by blue seraph productions.
1	the balcony is decorated 3 semicircular piers.
1	she made many contributions to the revolution.
1	however in sanctity he played rhythm guitar.
1	therefore david glorifies 'i will praise you.
1	he defeated aj sanchez in his debut.
1	bothwell later married hopper's widow katherine bellenden.
1	despite this he sees her at night.
1	her network woman of the year 2017.
1	lee died in chicago in may 1997.
1	marie later works things out with her.
1	it can be seen from azumi basin.
1	sudbury and benson are within rutland county.
1	in 2014 he transferred to slingerz fc.
1	the houses remain monotonously respectable and identical.
1	an ethnographic expedition was organized in abkhazia.
1	the persons concerned must think twice them.
1	skirmish at tullahoma tennessee october 23 1863.
1	she has also worked with grace jones.
1	in 1946 they became separate british colonies.
1	she remained in the unit through 1895.
1	dumetz road in the san fernando valley.
1	he is probably referred to by josephus.
1	he died there on 14 december 1015.
1	even aryl halides participate in this reaction.
1	he just tries to 'bloke' it out.
1	some activities are at an additional fee.
1	pais alliance ruled from 2007 to 2021.
1	in 1971 her son gennady was born.
1	the two escape with lindsey killing mitch.
1	the electric rays have specialised electric organs.
1	the cause of this boom is debated.
1	jeff olde head of programming at e!
1	association ports of sweden or sveriges hamnar.
1	other family members received similar text messages.
1	it still follows this same routing today.
1	everybody else should go and fuck off.
1	spielberg congratulated the trio on their accomplishment.
1	despite its structural problems it remains popular.
1	then he begins digging under the fireplace.
1	it now houses the adam mickiewicz institute.
1	the sydney swans were launched at fairwater.
1	funded by the national science foundation 2001-2002.
1	d. in history and politics in 1969.
1	knockout gas water in a seltzer bottle.
1	construction officially started on 1 march 1985.
1	it began airing again from december 2012.
1	tamanoya is a kami from japanese mythology.
1	alegado is married to attorney raymond kong.
1	it was described by gressitt in 1951.
1	its capital is the town of pattani.
1	nicholas was confirmed as tsar nicholas ii.
1	o'mara is a legal analyst for cnn.
1	so he chose the 8-bit intel 8080.
1	the u.s. forces struck with complete surprise.
1	they effected this action on 26 february.
1	his collection is held by uppsala university.
1	the airport is located from downtown joinville.
1	the field produces from a triassic formation.
1	oetaea formed a political unit in antiquity.
1	it is known from the united states.
1	the fronts and backs are usually polished.
1	to improve the infrastructure facilities in colleges.
1	harbai was a king (negus) of ethiopia.
1	this package was added in jdk 1.1.
1	it was recorded from china in 2009.
1	this table does not include secondary assists.
1	wilson was born in chino hills california.
1	the congress may be ordinary or extraordinary.
1	sarah boswell died at nottingham union hospital.
1	it is written in latin in prose.
1	markham later became affiliated with pat miletich.
1	endowment of the courtauld institute of art.
1	patronage of the london jewish cultural center.
1	the nursery comprised two guest rooms joined.
1	vol. 4. new york: plenum press 1973:1-104.
1	she disappeared from lloyd's register after 1833.
1	the project started on 1 february 2008.
1	the newspaper's official website domain name koreabiomed.
1	he placed tenth at the world-level tournament.
1	the stems may be upright or leaning.
1	milena salvini 88 italian-born french kathakali dancer.
1	bill baker died on august 10 1994.
1	it was consolidated with hattula in 1971.
1	the panasonic lumix g vario 14-45mm 3.5-5.
1	they have also been featured on joe.
1	some of these grants study cessation programs.
1	both recipients were commissioners of the sap.
1	later canada released the crew of estai.
1	the culvert is located directly under av.
1	the album was released august 25 2009.
1	a sceptre of iron could mercy bring.
1	however leonard eventually finds out his secret.
1	the novel ends with the train crashing.
1	he attended lectures at the sunderland atheneum.
1	spelling variants include hovannes oganes and ohan.
1	many of his pupils later became coaches.
1	single-stranded dna can occur during plasmid replication.
1	donovan took part in i'm a celebrity.
1	appalachian migrants to chicago were overwhelmingly protestant.
1	clitherow died at boston manor in 1852.
1	the area broadcasts free wi-fi wireless technology.
1	sir alfred died on 13 march 1948.
1	it was active from 1998 to 2006.
1	he died instantly toppling onto his face.
1	the street has many independent speciality shops.
1	it opened to great controversy in 1991.
1	it is her 50th and final altarpiece.
1	the population was 3 as of 2002.
1	the same applies to compact fluorescent bulbs.
1	theodore schellenberg (1903-1970) archivist and archival theorist.
1	oscar del solar was the head coach.
1	there are no known children of cornelius.
1	it succeeded the supreme council in 1995.
1	he took his exams with ignaz moscheles.
1	hodgkinson was determined to pilot aircraft again.
1	i love and i respect our heritage.
1	guangzhou academy of fine arts in operation.
1	the rider starts on a 20-meter circle.
1	she became a solo artist in 2000.
1	his first break came in telok kruin.
1	the player cannot build streets over rivers.
1	the village is located within armada township.
1	they emigrated to mainland france as children.
1	romulo fajardo jr. also returned as colorist.
1	events from the year 1581 in ireland.
1	civilian production was suspended after march 1940.
1	the ferry has been fare-free since 1997.
1	they also opened shows for spyro gyra.
1	cunningham imogen ann hershey and shera thompson.
1	the population was 61 as of 2010.
1	omkar forces mayura to have plastic surgery.
1	zaz-1102 tavria nova production started in 1999.
1	the glacier has a few notable forks.
1	he was back in antwerp in 1666.
1	however bartels dropped out before the primary.
1	adrian lies in michigan's 7th congressional district.
1	this injury took five years to heal.
1	it was established on april 30 1996.
1	he lived in prague krucemburk and krakow.
1	kamaishi seawaves qualify for the relegation play-offs.
1	in 2000 votel signed to xl records.
1	one of the notable disciple was pt.
1	he was of the ajijaak-doodem (crane clan).
1	center point is located at (39.415791 87.076710).
1	it is not enclosed by any walls.
1	in 2001 the population numbered 31 people.
1	this is one of the better sets.
1	her claims were supported by the prosecution.
1	the embarras river rises in champaign county.
1	events from the year 1673 in denmark.
1	he was a member of hatfield college.
1	he may be compared to louis artan.
1	originally owned by red rock radio corp.
1	entire championship fields can consist of silhouettes.
1	basically 4 subjects held the concurrent position.
1	events in the year 1994 in japan.
1	it was opened on 21 march 1987.
1	labialized clicks are found in word-initial position.
1	chrysura cuprea fly from may to july.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	it was rescheduled for august 23 2010.
1	the dzz ceased publication in summer 1939.
1	he played college football at florida state.
1	ardagast is an old slavic unmetathised form.
1	a few weeks later shimkin was killed.
1	the conversation pictures are no longer animated.
1	torquay saw a multimillion-pound sale or two.
1	it was reprinted in 1981 by aventinus.
1	as of 2021 their whereabouts remain unknown.
1	places with more than 100,000 inhabitants: rochester.
1	view of the oblique-arched bridge at boxmoor.
1	it is neurosurgeons which make those decisions.
1	these special events were called wtt spectaculars.
1	darnell raced in three indy car races.
1	work on the project ended in 2010.
1	his passion for music did not wane.
1	the organ is named in his honour.
1	he married sculptor jean johanson in 1936.
1	he was waived on december 3 2019.
1	an application platform that was opensocial v0.
1	foucault was an epistemological constructivist and historicist.
1	the population was 37 as of 2002.
1	it hosts over 1,000 events each year.
1	carl milstein purchased the track in 1972.
1	sots art according bulatov is an irony.
1	the town has a population of 3,641.
1	he is a member of izmir bbsk.
1	nizhagal ravi was cast as rajesh's father.
1	he also holds doctorate in internal medicine.
1	the cell cycle is explained by physics.
1	saltonstall's next command was based in boston.
1	he illustrated numerous novels and made lithographs.
1	the trio released sounding lines in 2015.
1	the current bridge was constructed in 1927.
1	john ingram himself was an indentured servant.
1	his wife died on 24 november 1876.
1	the final classic fm concert is broadcast.
1	nominations were accepted through 31 january 2005.
1	muhammad served as the governor of manama.
1	he had three months prior military experience.
1	kara keeling is an american humanities academic.
1	in retirement he worked in sports medicine.
1	the airfield is operated by ayit aviation.
1	he made his eldest son pandulf co-prince.
1	it was a red wooden octagonal building.
1	he remained on that position until 2016.
1	caracter grew up in fanwood new jersey.
1	there is always mystery in his drawings.
1	credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
1	some may live up to 15 years.
1	there are seven songs in this movie.
1	other sporting teams include the eastern cobras.
1	she received mathical honors for goodnight numbers.
1	she also arranged events for the commission.
1	however this land would be powhatan territory.
1	it was the first feature wynorski directed.
1	the center was constructed in two phases.
1	first tie-breaker for shutouts is minutes played.
1	divers were deployed to join the operation.
1	oro is the spanish word for gold.
1	it was released on july 26 2005.
1	abdul wadud sandwipi presided over his janaza.
1	the population was 74 as of 2002.
1	the village has a population of 150.
1	only one girl is in the class.
1	his training began at his father's firm.
1	guggi was born in dublin in 1959.
1	the rest is mostly coal and hydroelectricity.
1	creyelman studied engineering at ehsal in brussels.
1	journal of abnormal child psychology 16 585-599.
1	the game also used the vocaloid software.
1	birch groves stretch for hundreds of hectares.
1	the new facility was completed in 1937.
1	the name was changed in the 1990s.
1	the mansion is second empire in style.
1	in 1710 the spanish regained the territory.
1	pakistan journal of islamic philosophy 3(2) 1-16.
1	iran was no longer a thriving country.
1	the plan was therefore put on hold.
1	la grande is five of a kind.
1	tazzoli was executed on 7 december 1852.
1	the population was 2 as of 2002.
1	ams-sa has grown steadily over the years.
1	jack and nora briggs retired in 1986.
1	during heated discussion villa closed the conference.
1	construction began on the system in 1995.
1	cham albanian dances are well-known in albania.
1	the radio serial was rebroadcast in 1953.
1	greg orman is running as an independent.
1	the work was completed in april 1946.
1	the iranian american community follows this pattern.
1	daniel caesar was produced by j. dilla.
1	it was described by maindron in 1906.
1	in the manga her name is nana.
1	brenan died in dublin during february 1847.
1	the destroyer was named in his honor.
1	more accurate translations are listed in brackets.
1	at least of snow fell near toronto.
1	this is an eight-armed depiction of nataraja.
1	he took office on january 1 1913.
1	it had never undergone a physical renovation.
1	top four teams enter the promotion round.
1	fratesi who was viewed by sault ste.
1	a1 team greece owner was stathis basios.
1	wilson played in the 2019 all-american bowl.
1	he started competing in athletics in 2010.
1	these were published posthumously as living free.
1	prior robert was portrayed by michael culver.
1	acianthera recurva is a species of orchid.
1	she made her american debut in 2017.
1	dj virman joined the group in 2007.
1	events in the year 1843 in norway.
1	its offices later moved to midtown manhattan.
1	she was torpedoed by a savoia-marchetti sm.
1	the take was norwegian kroner 125 000.
1	this is also known as in-situ processing.
1	putin accepted it on 8 may 2013.
1	an experimental model was ready in 1957.
1	it is named after its original developer.
1	wightman is married to film-maker george duffield.
1	philip paul 96 american studio drummer covid-19.
1	the song was written in d minor.
1	they then played in a double-elimination format.
1	the other is a species of coccomyxa.
1	the acquisition was completed in march 1994.
1	uwe nettelbeck died on 17 january 2007.
1	in 2016 it partnered with overdrive inc.
1	it is the base of fc ordabasy.
1	the actual number he painted was five.
1	by 1870 he owned property worth $40,000.
1	on june 14 1952 the name sv.
1	the crew was rescued by friendly natives.
1	the oilers were a predominantly young team.
1	the term limping bimetallism describes this problem.
1	it had wheels with half-width drum brakes.
1	fritz cropp d. 6 april 1984 bremen.
1	rabbi zondle emigrated to palestine in 1938.
1	he was born in asheville north carolina.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	it is found in france and spain.
1	at least one locomotive was severely damaged.
1	her maiden voyage was not without problems.
1	the police in portugal found your jacket.
1	the video was directed by myles whittingham.
1	mason's writing style was colorful though straightforward.
1	she was beautiful and had excellent figure.
1	postwar she participated in operation magic carpet.
1	yet another extension was opened in 2012.
1	the village has a population of 437.
1	he grew up in a large family.
1	no damage was reported from the tsunami.
1	he served as an aide to maj.
1	independence from the spanish and portuguese empire.
1	bullets were then shot into her body.
1	in his youth he played the trumpet.
1	none of the incumbents were termed out.
1	she competed in the 2020 summer olympics.
1	zibhebhu was induna (chief) of the mandlakazi.
1	the modernisation of the plant was undertaken.
1	siam w.t. and idalia reid prize 2000.
1	four books were published from the project.
1	leichhardt was proclaimed a municipality in 1871.
1	mill pointed resemblance to the complutensian text.
1	jodugullapalem is a neighbourhood of visakhapatnam india.
1	daniel joined itv news central in 2011.
1	the park opened on july 1 1964.
1	all four were equipped with cruise missiles.
1	otto never married and left no children.
1	the fruit has several uses as food.
1	after the war from settled in copenhagen.
1	giles taylor is a british car designer.
1	the decision was announced in may 2012.
1	he can do practically anything he imagines.
1	born in france mahamoud is comorian descent.
1	he was seated at marks hall essex.
1	cottingham was educated at trinity college dublin.
1	he made the acquaintance of walther hinz.
1	he was a brother of thomas paul.
1	a serious deep water sailor she's not.
1	olivier was recovering from pleurisy during filming.
1	the semi-arid region of gujarat and rajasthan.
1	in 2014 ehrenberg moved to mexico permanently.
1	her father is jimmy l. vaughn sr.
1	stage 1: the bootstrap compiler is produced.
1	montreal island is contained within the inlet.
1	she continued graduate work completing her ph.
1	pascal a character from tales of graces.
1	the repairs were carried out in phases.
1	events from the year 1127 in ireland.
1	the lower jaw is solid and heavy.
1	white city is located at (39.072429 89.764128).
1	hannah bartlett died on july 25 1890.
1	frank belknap long and henry s. whitehead.
1	the campus includes several fraternities and sororities.
1	she has moderate skill in hand-to-hand combat.
1	some men also joined as associate members.
1	his older wife nyx called him protogenus.
1	histioteuthidae is a family of oegopsid squid.
1	myrtle grove is located at (34.129231 77.882882).
1	the population was 11 as of 2010.
1	sitting members are shown in bold text.
1	he was plays for mauritanian national team.
1	the final is held at wembley stadium.
1	he continued on the committee until 1991.
1	the school was previously in mclean virginia.
1	albert city was platted the same year.
1	the guardian of eden and the balasik.
1	after neoconservatism the new york times 2006.
1	india withdrew the border post to maja.
1	concerto no.2 for cello and orchestra op.
1	janu basan is on the haldia-tamluk-mecheda road.
1	dr. chandola an evil scientist created him.
1	penfield graduated from duke university in 1940.
1	kowalski's rise in the business came quickly.
1	she was born in cheltenham in 1862.
1	i started laughing and he laughed too.
1	monaco stenz colt 1988 by vice regent.
1	higher executive officer board of inland revenue.
1	st andrew's is constructed in sandstone ashlar.
1	there are two shopping areas of deans.
1	it was produced by the kalakshetra manipur.
1	herman lewis was an american sound engineer.
1	the latest of these is fly dubai.
1	our pride was never rooted in statistics.
1	one year later there were sixty-four boys.
1	john maloney executive officer h.m. prison ford.
1	toshinobu is a masculine japanese given name.
1	bahrain is a major issuer of sukuk.
1	wu lanying national sport shooter of china.
1	in may 2022 mclachlan dropped the suit.
1	election was held on 29 november 2008.
1	cora is a painter and a sculptor.
1	it has offices in mumbai and delhi.
1	unmarried woman zondervan grand rapids michigan 1978.
1	the race was won by hubert godart.
1	jackie fisher 96 english footballer (millwall bournemouth).
1	he again contested port hills coming fourth.
1	the southern boundary is the river danube.
1	raha adarsha sarkari nimna buniyadi abhyaxon vidyalaya.
1	oak park is located at (38.305836 85.692150).
1	loomis is knocked unconscious after criticizing wynn.
1	the crash also involved 's marzio bruseghin.
1	the first seat is reserved for 'heroes'.
1	it was jointly operated with transdev nsw.
1	sc vianense is the local football club.
1	the station is away from alsancak terminal.
1	he was an 18-year veteran of ups.
1	the film has grossed over 800,000 baht.
1	the classical theory of economic policy 1966.
1	it was published again by theodor zahn.
1	found in july between kurai and bashkaus.
1	each resource has its own resource manager.
1	butterfly garnered general acclaim from music critics.
1	cuthbert neville (c. 1411) died in infancy.
1	it would be installed on nanuchka-class corvettes.
1	jainism has a similar practice named santhara.
1	it was released on january 29 2002.
1	there is a ban on foreign donations.
1	it features akon pitbull and jermaine dupri.
1	it was developed by henderson land development.
1	his character is draziw a half-elf wizard.
1	the meenas have more than thirty sub-groups.
1	their ideas were popularized by russian nationalists.
1	shortly after it became an award-winning photograph.
1	he graduated from yale college in 1827.
1	moonshine lake is a lake in alberta.
1	kunrad himself is more attracted to diemut.
1	it was described by tippmann in 1960.
1	juveniles have dark heads and no breast-band.
1	he competed in the 2008 olympic marathon.
1	in many productions act 3 is omitted.
1	he was born and died in copenhagen.
1	fort dalles was then abandoned in 1867.
1	it includes grey towers national historic site.
1	after the war aumetz remained government property.
1	it became a long-term commitment for her.
1	one component is the cosmic microwave background.
1	there are options for four more ships.
1	numerous waterfalls are found in this valley.
1	the galactica crew struggles to restore power.
1	she is at her home and healthy.
1	in another case william goldman theatres inc.
1	some plugs have an egg-shaped penetrative part.
1	cary-elwes is chosen for the challenging task.
1	adam stevens brown fireman ministry of defence.
1	bondel is well connected by public transport.
1	their king at that time was tanausis.
1	it was constructed between 1979 and 1987.
1	no democratic incumbents lost re-election or renomination.
1	in 2005 an article maths spotlight on.
1	edward irons 98 american economist heart disease.
1	leong sin nam's family survived without casualties.
1	according to scrivener it is elegantly written.
1	the episodes had a one-day tape delay.
1	this 1798 creation became extinct in 1980.
1	mail order bay filly 2015 by nathaniel.
1	the plaza comprises residential and sellable areas.
1	the production closed on july 14 2019.
1	the office of education ceased to exist.
1	the library was not re-established until 1977.
1	all that was kind of grandfathered in.
1	events from the year 1887 in france.
1	the focus was on the intellectual work.
1	dgap publishes the bimonthly journal internationale politik.
1	it is also a civil defence broadcaster.
1	in july the free agency period began.
1	their match was scheduled on all out.
1	it is a subsidiary of deutsche telekom.
1	david wilson spreull government town planner jamaica.
1	he also represents the canadian national team.
1	the local county councillor is michael morgan.
1	she continued acting with ben still hope.
1	bernard john collins county planning officer middlesex.
1	its capital is the city of messina.
1	he is dressed in rough farm clothes.
1	a number of proofs have since appeared.
1	the station is staffed and is wheelchair-accessible.
1	thelma boughner 99 canadian olympic diver (1936).
1	for political and public services in southport.
1	mounds can be eliminated effectively through fumigation.
1	hobbies include running swimming reading and travelling.
1	she was born in izhevsk udmurt republic.
1	on 1 november viper recaptured the diamond.
1	it was filmed in british columbia canada.
1	democrat john bel edwards won the election.
1	the castle owners were subsequently absentee landlords.
1	his consort is known as kuyilmozhi ammai.
1	the mouth is missing in this specimen.
1	he completed his actuarial exams autumn 1945.
1	the document mentions biometrics fourteen separate times.
1	orem uses the slogan family city usa.
1	the book was first published in 2003.
1	it was closed on 29 october 1973.
1	despite this the series was a success.
1	hemiplegia patients usually show a characteristic gait.
1	shalva nutsubidze was a prominent political figure.
1	the climate of mande is called sudanese.
1	heber selected 40 newborns from this district.
1	it is currently being shown on yesterday.
1	leonard of mayfair 78 british celebrity hairdresser.
1	they recorded thirteen tracks in one day.
1	after reading it roxanne calls him over.
1	thomas eakins modeled two other bas-relief panels.
1	on 9 may epervier and captured charles.
1	she returned to liverpool on 31 may.
1	the civil parish has a town council.
1	the match drew an attendance of 4,219.
1	this theme is inspired by cyberpunk culture.
1	director british school of archaeology in iraq.
1	in 1979 the iranian revolution took place.
1	it is sold as a nutritional supplement.
1	he also held important offices in aeronautics.
1	an entire roman mausoleum has been uncovered.
1	she survives and is taken to hospital.
1	the flights ceased on 31 october 2012.
1	other artists included keenhouse and electric youth.
1	local elections have been held since 1999.
1	fc edixvelde was absorbed by fc mere.
1	thomas reginald colston raikes postmaster-general sierra leone.
1	it was square with an inner courtyard.
1	she died at the age of 57.
1	for political services in middlesex and essex.
1	it has a height of 575 m.a.
1	the latin specific epithet boreale means northern.
1	the largest firms are the kapan ch.
1	for service to the belize police force.
1	kaalayan demands to know who divya is.
1	they're like doves but they eat trash.
1	it was released on 11 january 2013.
1	the phrase has become rose's unofficial catchphrase.
1	they were signed to columbia music entertainment.
1	welles' former dormitory was demolished in 2010.
1	he was described as quiet and lonely.
1	it was described by friese in 1903.
1	there are two different mountains named mt.
1	as planned the missile was then destroyed.
1	he was married to elisabeth van harff.
1	the club launches from caffa mill slip.
1	december 2013: the group acquired 3tier inc.
1	he was married and had four daughters.
1	she raised $89 million in venture funding.
1	for services to local and provincial government.
1	elephants are the largest living terrestrial animals.
1	the island belongs to the capital governorate.
1	unseeded carl-uwe steeb won the singles title.
1	in 914 he was governor of fars.
1	multi-conductor coaxial cable is also sometimes used.
1	in 2017 the original quiz was restored.
1	a metallurgist from alchevsk took the stage.
1	the squad was announced on 1 august.
1	she qualified for the 2020 summer olympics.
1	series one of broadchurch won critical acclaim.
1	however the narcotics charges were later dropped.
1	carmody married his wife robyn in 1977.
1	the family returned to england in 1894.
1	the last 30 tu-2s retired in 1982.
1	bissau-guinean americans are americans of bissau-guinean descent.
1	two mikulin am-37 (water cooled v-12) 1941.
1	gracepoint began airing on 2 october 2014.
1	possesses the power to control soul beasts.
1	alexander frost chief steward travellers-fare british railways.
1	a british muslim convert of greek heritage.
1	thomas joseph dalmedo messenger ministry of defence.
1	artificial hip replacement has become more common.
1	in 1981 graduate degree offerings were expanded.
1	the last florins were produced in 1968.
1	edward george barrett engine tester petters ltd.
1	it elects one member via first-past-the-post voting.
1	an attorney he specialized in irrigation law.
1	the man was seriously injured but survived.
1	he had numerous deputies and specialist under-officers.
1	the team was coached by mark krikorian.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	this matha has a shri rama temple.
1	flight sergeant frederick james royal air force.
1	baker was born in norfolk in 1582.
1	it also does the same in 1978.
1	the call sign represented the company's initials.
1	smith was fired on december 31 2012.
1	production began in the summer of 2012.
1	another early 3db dj was rod mclennan.
1	in 1985 avellino was promoted to capo.
1	jay-z received the most nominations with nine.
1	he used to reside in kolkata india.
1	the song was recorded by pete seeger.
1	now he has to give his consent.
1	the rental unit vacancy rate was 10.8%.
1	he was prescribed forty days off work.
1	the population was 8 as of 2010.
1	lord iveagh and the iveagh trustees ltd.
1	for services to tourism and the community.
1	not all shooting was done on location.
1	he left ten children and forty grandchildren.
1	in response tommasini turned to music criticism.
1	small was born at bondi in sydney.
1	from 1983 to 1985 adex mining inc.
1	marinette's daily newspaper is the eagle herald.
1	his primary position was as a winger.
1	cssaw created the maud committee to investigate.
1	the geographical distribution is around the equator.
1	he became a scriptor of apostolic letters.
1	he worked on the london stock exchange.
1	vails gate is located at (41.457943 74.053484).
1	he lived with his wife in belgrade.
1	semiosis is logically structured to perpetuate itself.
1	then he went to le havre france.
1	the castle can also be privately hired.
1	the township maintains its own police department.
1	for services to further education in fife.
1	smartphone apps can identify birds using sounds.
1	it is the temple of goddess bhagwati.
1	the commission conducted weapons inspections in iraq.
1	in 2009 the department received international accreditation.
1	hard right rudder all engines ahead flank.
1	he debuted as a referee in 1997.
1	louis xiv died on 1 september 1715.
1	critics generally preferred tallulah's rendition to shearer's.
1	audrey hancock 98 british olympic swimmer (1936).
1	in 2002 has played simon in english-time.
1	it meets neither of the definitions above.
1	credit cards are therefore not privacy protecting.
1	it was released on 11 february 1972.
1	parsons was decommissioned on 19 november 1982.
1	reviews in the united states were poor.
1	the latter operates ocean city high school.
1	robinson w. heath britain at play duckworth.
1	he has two sisters judy and sally.
1	he mainly competes internationally in relay competitions.
1	in exchange israel released 20 palestinian prisoners.
1	king then joined the treasury solicitor's department.
1	in zukunft werden wir alle alt aussehen.
1	till now it is awarded six times.
1	in 1975 he joined the soviet army.
1	in 2011 the project was officially scrapped.
1	in 1971 he moved to borussia dortmund.
1	sudheer karamana thesni khan and rajesh sharma.
1	in 1931 miyake moved to new york.
1	maggin and curt swan and bob oksner.
1	hd 108236 is a g-type main-sequence star.
1	brownell is the center's founder and director.
1	article 27 guarantees the freedom of association.
1	trinomials such as this are called autonyms.
1	hwangjeongsan is a mountain of south korea.
1	ust's official mascot is the growling tiger.
1	robert is the older of two sons.
1	driver assistance systems networked using flexray technology.
1	on 2 september 1939 a single pzl.
1	in 1909 he married frances muriel saunders.
1	larkin purchased an interest in rancho huichica.
1	megna comes from a family of athletes.
1	it is in conneaut and pine townships.
1	glendalough is surrounded by semi-natural oak woodland.
1	it is stabilized only descending about downhill.
1	after topical application crotamiton is absorbed systemically.
1	at least 12 rtc buses worth rs.
1	use against humans in self-defence is legal.
1	in september 1956 he married claire demers.
1	in 2020 kenya takes over the chairmanship.
1	it is also known as naval reactors.
1	both were eventually fined by the nhl.
1	it may be confused with ectopic pregnancy.
1	parking panda was headquartered in baltimore maryland.
1	in her youth she played ice hockey.
1	the semifinals were decided over two legs.
1	she was raised there as a catholic.
1	it also continued in the grain-deficit areas.
1	it also got demolished in december 2016.
1	trusel screenshots from days of our lives.
1	the band lineup evolved over the years.
1	issued as supplementary service weapon to police.
1	both overlook the beautiful white rock lake.
1	mobivox ended its operation in september 2009.
1	unbeknownst to morgan morrison purchase the property.
1	kajsa is a swedish feminine given name.
1	it stars sanjay dutt and raveena tandon.
1	the operation ended on 6 march 1951.
1	david gordon 85 american dancer and choreographer.
1	the town is within the adirondack park.
1	they make speeches everyday but nothing happens.
1	d. degree magna cum laude in 1902.
1	night calls 411 originally ran 8 p.m.
1	when the season began rangers did not.
1	shiva battles shankar and eventually defeats him.
1	jan hendrych hlava i (2015) gmu roudnice.
1	princess lace was mostly a home industry.
1	in 1991 he returned to the strikers.
1	mansoori did post-doctoral work at rice university.
1	sheridan claimed meeting the innocents was 'fate'.
1	a private asylum existed in the village.
1	all three were sentenced to life imprisonment.
1	it is a geological conservation review site.
1	it is tolerated by the private landlord.
1	limbus (41.41%) were the largest ethnic group.
1	they raced again in two semifinals heats.
1	mcgladdery was arrested on the same day.
1	nathan came from kurumbagaram nedungadu near karaikal.
1	mankind is a part of the commonwealth.
1	every member of the cast is scuba-certified.
1	the volcano is considered to be dormant.
1	the opera is divided into 15 scenes.
1	each volume began with a teaching instruction.
1	streetlinks was novation's first and largest subsidiary.
1	the sex-ratio of the city was 928.
1	lincoln heights is located at (39.244608 84.455570).
1	dishonored 2 appeared again at e3 2016.
1	estimate in the 1958 victorian year book.
1	as of match played 19 february 2021.
1	linguistically greeks are far from being unified.
1	billington heights is located at (42.785709 78.619419).
1	the coptic tradition considers clement a saint.
1	massive boulders had been prepared as capstones.
1	we need to define what we speak.
1	in 1916 a fire destroyed bascom's dome.
1	ball handling in wallyball is more strict.
1	but i ask myself what is reality?
1	exceptions can only be instituted by law.
1	it is a significant local tourist attraction.
1	valentin de vargas actor u.s. army veteran.
1	they were ordained on january 10 2010.
1	all times are in minutes and seconds.
1	the second phase was completed in 1986.
1	this concept is generally termed data democratization.
1	there is one record for australia (queensland).
1	this category is not in common use.
1	there the electorate was mostly socially conservative.
1	honolulu mayor's office of information and complaint.
1	the impacts of the intervention are significant.
1	the larvae possibly feed on artemisia species.
1	in 2014 the competition extended to snowboarders.
1	they are mainly classified into two types.
1	jon appleton 83 american composer and educator.
1	he assumed office on december 1 2020.
1	it was described from pastaza province canelos.
1	michael spafford 86 american artist lung cancer.
1	brueil and verner had worked together before.
1	the district headquarters is located at perambalur.
1	the supplication begins with o my lord!
1	the lpc's engineers would monitor the demolition.
1	they often return within a few days.
1	the cover was illustrated by vanessa bell.
1	shelby from the wolves of mercy falls.
1	substantial population growth continued into the 1950s.
1	in april 2017 spothero acquired parking panda.
1	the cleared land is replanted with seedlings.
1	it was announced on 29 november 2017.
1	rock e stili nella nuova cultura sovietica.
1	it orbited the earth from 310 km.
1	he played the football world cup 1974.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	charley davison is a british amateur boxer.
1	it was described by tschitscherine in 1899.
1	uapp was officially registered in july 2001.
1	hartnell became increasingly pre-occupied with royal orders.
1	pugvin mys is the nearest rural locality.
1	the early 1950s were said's most productive.
1	dambullagama is a village in sri lanka.
1	for services as a member of parliament.
1	she attended music school in sydney australia.
1	only one member of her crew survived.
1	torre di pietra pertusa in via flaminia.
1	the population was 5,724 as of 2010.
1	the marriage did not resolve the conflict.
1	the fifth type was announced in 2013.
1	similarly the torque is an axial vector.
1	koreans welcomed the korean control in jiandao.
1	chadhri who agrees to investigate the village.
1	an introductory coin was released in 2018.
1	the indian identification is supported by scholars.
1	afterward the protestant citizens left the city.
1	the tournament features four rounds of play.
1	incidental music was composed by jacques paisible.
1	this is a medium to large rattlesnake.
1	she earned a grammy nomination in comedy.
1	the salvage operation ended on 18 may.
1	the population was 137 as of 2010.
1	it flowers white in july or august.
1	groenen has authored and co-authored numerous publications.
1	a similar feedback loop occurs in animals.
1	its wreck is now a diving spot.
1	famu's sports teams are called the rattlers.
1	it was released on march 26 1996.
1	this constituency is located in pune district.
1	hauptmann gerhard michalski claimed 25 over malta.
1	the cause of the fire is unknown.
1	on color doppler the lesions appear hypervascular.
1	he starred in three series on s4c.
1	the white house also denied the allegation.
1	the pupal stage lasts about three weeks.
1	elder would concede defeat on election day.
1	centre for international studies dublin city university.
1	the biggest supermarket is hock tong seng.
1	lombardi and steinger received 20-year prison sentences.
1	bishop's university is smaller and predominantly undergraduate.
1	this was sometime in the 13th century.
1	equilibrium analysis with alan kirman north-holland 1988.
1	rb films became goalpost pictures in 2008.
1	this resulted in anger and widespread rioting.
1	a remodelled clp class locomotive was destroyed.
1	there was a cyclone three days later.
1	it occurs on well-drained usually sandy soils.
1	adugodi is a neighborhood in bangalore india.
1	none of these was released outside japan.
1	i am peerless in all the world!
1	nandasiri jasentuliyana is a sri lankan lawyer.
1	however the mission is now postponed indefinitely.
1	she is a producer writer and actress.
1	finding an arbitrary element takes o(n) time.
1	al-shabaab would later ally itself with al-qaeda.
1	that afternoon the snow began to melt.
1	the series was cancelled after one season.
1	the fireman of the train was injured.
1	some cities regulate class size as well.
1	world culture is taught in fifth grade.
1	koornhof grew up in the national party.
1	oil and gas pipelines traverse the district.
1	the matches were played on august 31.
1	below is a cladogram from swartz 2012.
1	in 1923 a prominent bolshevik m. kh.
1	he continued to paint for private customers.
1	his great-grandfather friedrich thiersch was a philologist.
1	chief petty officer writer david christopher jenkins.
1	it was described by adlbauer in 1994.
1	herschel made numerous important contributions to photography.
1	a single siphon occurs in some gastropods.
1	vagrants have also been recorded in taiwan.
1	he decided to attack nearby puerto cabello.
1	the journal was launched in june 2006.
1	the coverage was led by ed chamberlin.
1	gwr takes full control of classic fm.
1	rashbehari pal of congress won in 1957.
1	he was an advocate of theistic evolution.
1	edited by laureen baillie and paul sieveking.
1	he died at age five in 1863.
1	waymarked throughout and protected at difficult sections.
1	patrons evacuated the drive-in in their vehicles.
1	he is a columnist for chess magazine.
1	mitchell amassed a large following through instagram.
1	but the crown remained the biggest purchaser.
1	marshall resumed his show in january 2011.
1	the business council directs the tribal government.
1	bharjari bete was a box office hit.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	john nepomucene church in cabiao nueva ecija.
1	waitz also died of cancer in 2011.
1	she attended lincoln high school in portland.
1	rated as a four-star recruit by rivals.
1	journal of the bombay natural history society.
1	for services to local-body and community affairs.
1	he made many telescopes of this kind.
1	the name corresponds to the biblical ararat.
1	they use their positions to instill fear.
1	orem was incorporated on may 5 1919.
1	balazs gardi is a hungarian-born american-based photographer.
1	the receptacle is glabrous with dentate margins.
1	mark mcgowan revived the project in 2017.
1	as of 2007 it has 836 inhabitants.
1	both slimline and crinoline styles were included.
1	fischer is married and has three sons.
1	he received the emet prize in 2005.
1	barandare is a village in sri lanka.
1	classes have 35 students for christ's sake.
1	a total of was reported in gladstone.
1	june 8: osaka school massacre takes place.
1	for services to nursing and the community.
1	he previously provided additional arrangements for divergent.
1	since 1999 wilhelmshaven's stadium is the jadestadion.
1	maxims and instructions for the boiler room.
1	sh-59b does not directly connect to sh-59.
1	he sat in the assembly in 1891.
1	loftus was born in county kilkenny ireland.
1	the test did not include actual interceptions.
1	bence entered the brewing industry in 1977.
1	the transaction was finalized on december 3.
1	he died in london in september 1976.
1	the name changed in 1912 to anola.
1	he was elected to bedfordshire county council.
1	weil joined pentagram's london office in 1992.
1	a total of '1,367 votes were rejected.
1	a new album was announced for june.
1	it was associated to lavic mining district.
1	both companies released three more identical volumes.
1	his brother jonathan finished 7th in 45.35s.
1	no data on the catch are collected.
1	events in the year 2014 in georgia.
1	northwest regional library holds over 70,000 items.
1	in 2021 the school raised over $78,000.
1	however it has become increasingly prevalent there.
1	d from michigan state university in 1961.
1	these are often gray-green and somewhat hairy.
1	payne was born in 1953 in scotland.
1	particularly he was fond of the flute.
1	events in the year 2015 in norway.
1	winzer was born in berlin in 1902.
1	general electric owns 45.4% of the company.
1	he finished 20th in 2008 in beijing.
1	it's difficult but it must be done.
1	sikelgaita frequently accompanied robert on his conquests.
1	it replaced the earlier emergency communications network.
1	they are attached to the stems alternately.
1	grant started his nrl career in 2007.
1	she was re-elected in the 1987 election.
1	doyle brunson and jack straus are inducted.
1	she said she wished for more independence.
1	his father marco is a controversial senator.
1	aula is a river of hesse germany.
1	they had two daughters irina and natalia.
1	crystals and wafers with special twin structures.
1	the actress vera pashennaya was his wife.
1	viz media published the series in english.
1	his proposal was approved on 13 august.
1	avetissian was arrested on 24 january 2005.
1	the program is streaming online on youtube.
1	the name was pencilled out for filming.
1	on the interior he redesigned the library.
1	there was a baptist chapel in woodford.
1	matthewson served in the united states army.
1	underwater telegraph cables were installed in 1921.
1	d in history from ucla in 2006.
1	he was semi-conscious when police located him.
1	for every female there was one male.
1	its state assembly constituency number is 94.
1	the photo was taken by frances murray.
1	his feast day falls on 1 march.
1	he currently plays for fukushima united fc.
1	his slogan was no guns no butter.
1	kikuchi has been conducting censuses since 1960.
1	but high-pressure forms have not been studied.
1	the memorial was dedicated in july 1965.
1	company in yonkers but were later reinstated.
1	recording took place at circle house studios.
1	the highways travel concurrently to caseyville illinois.
1	it was described by breuning in 1943.
1	kasargod was declared a district in 1984.
1	it also has been used on gravestones.
1	he played college basketball for clemson university.
1	great special effects surprising amount of heart.
1	snowfall is rare but not unheard of.
1	holloway is considered a preeminent lucanid systematist.
1	it was described by puplesis in 1984.
1	against the connaughtmen these battles were gained.
1	the corresponding lines were diverted via charlottenplatz.
1	he now resides in los angeles california.
1	chekhov's posthumous reputation greatly exceeded his expectations.
1	it was described by bates in 1884.
1	fargeau has co-written ten of denis's screenplays.
1	the test registered high levels of arsenic.
1	for every female there was 0.3 males.
1	qing-jao eventually traces the identity of demosthenes.
1	they were members of the pac-12 conference.
1	it relocated to the u.s. in 2012.
1	see ante at 470 u. s. 493.
1	many small appliances are powered by electricity.
1	the series airs on boomerang in france.
1	abraham attended st. sebastian school neyyassery thodupuzha.
1	they also adopted four villages in medchal.
1	he also works for the nhl network.
1	no penalties were given for incorrect answers.
1	ehrlich anne h. birks john w. (1990).
1	this reaction takes place in the chloroplast.
1	the experiment proved to be a failure.
1	sales soared and rexall became a franchisor.
1	marie with four minutes remaining to play.
1	during the recess of the legislature gov.
1	jered eames was born in moberly missouri.
1	nolan became a professional author in 1956.
1	these include mariusz czerkawski and krzysztof oliwa.
1	it appears that the last unit 14.
1	continuing from fox feature syndicate's fantastic comics.
1	her parents separated while she was young.
1	he played college football at carthage college.
1	richard mcbride became premier in june 1902.
1	they had two sons and one daughter.
1	however the station lacks several basic facilities.
1	retiring members are shown in italic text.
1	cine gibi 9 vamos fazer de conta!
1	the b-side do you believe in me?
1	she currently lives and works in zurich.
1	larisa babukh is married with two sons.
1	the highways travel concurrently to garden city.
1	it is for our enlightenment and instruction.
1	it passed into the heritage of h-e.
1	it was opened on december 25 1972.
1	languages contribute to sum of human knowledge.
1	kikuchi eagerly accepts shinkai's offer and leaves.
1	a grade school also began that year.
1	it has a lively hungarian rondo finale.
1	she was at calcutta on 1 december.
1	iil manufactures animal health vaccines and formulations.
1	praise also came from some surprising quarters.
1	sofia and a well-rounded supporting cast life.
1	he was born at thomas street dublin.
1	valuable time was lost as they reformed.
1	the community is north-northeast of central square.
1	his mother died in 1957 aged 70.
1	the palace is built of red sandstone.
1	some hinges are designed not to squeak.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	it was described by breuning in 1950.
1	the table below shows the 2012 schedule.
1	cotton is sensitive to temperature and humidity.
1	mills were built around rochdale and littleborough.
1	the engine and gearboxes were behind them.
1	laois in 1657 led by william edmundson.
1	under the title what keeps mankind alive?
1	plan a humanitarian development program for churches.
1	the school's enrollment is approaching 1800 students.
1	he knew the rules and worked them.
1	the population was 12 as of 2010.
1	the polish folk explosion kapela resoviana feat.
1	supamo river is a river of venezuela.
1	the hodgson river is in close proximity.
1	the police call archie looking for anne.
1	the name of the game is kill!
1	this division was affiliated with the illiniwek.
1	this frame showed multiple similarity with deltabox.
1	i urge you to seek it out.
1	bloggers called for him to be stoned.
1	it would be lennon's last stage performance.
1	his minor league career stretched through 1903.
1	his mother is white and from iowa.
1	half of the forehead will bulge forwards.
1	other chinese communists also did the same.
1	north hampton is located at (39.990592 83.941676).
1	the tomb was designed by edward stanton.
1	teafuone is an islet of nukufetau tuvalu.
1	confucianism is also common among chinese indonesians.
1	the result was announced on 6 march.
1	he was waived on september 2 2017.
1	the following december he became a resident.
1	however some of these barriers are non-discriminatory.
1	doctors would test by using their vision.
1	religious insignia extended to every social function.
1	most of the kullas are three-story buildings.
1	in particular all such ideals are invertible.
1	lincoln ragsdale 68 american civil rights leader.
1	a number still run on museum railways.
1	accusations include those of harassment and torture.
1	it was connected to the cwr line.
1	the north aisle was installed in 1891.
1	he was waived on august 26 2013.
1	entrances of two restaurants were spray painted.
1	wtct's transmitter is located near goreville illinois.
1	he was supported by his ally gov.
1	bad weather that night aided the continentals.
1	women occupy certain jobs as versus men.
1	pieter sweval died on january 23 1990.
1	i like the way he did it.
1	the feature spread quickly to other applications.
1	c. v. starr at 90 park ave.
1	they were led by editor-in-chief max margolis.
1	he was released on september 8 2018.
1	kim koo was assassinated the following year.
1	inamul hasan kandhlawi 77 indian islamic scholar.
1	the novel is divided in three parts.
1	the states then chose their own systems.
1	his third wife estelle geisinger survived him.
1	it weighs between with females being lighter.
1	it was described by hintz in 1910.
1	the village has a population of 2,914.
1	a table of korean contemporary art: ii.
1	brook hill snow received the manager's award.
1	they were killed at the same time.
1	his case and sentence are on appeal.
1	captain george henry willcox (75191) irish guards.
1	typically a 1-watt solid-state laser is used.
1	they could only declare themselves as tatars.
1	the impact then detonates the explosive pellet.
1	that same decade the shopping centre opened.
1	the michael moore movie bowling for columbine.
1	however he denied that he backed off.
1	asmus and norton was a predecessor firm.
1	the rare biotope occupies near lielupe estuary.
1	it is based in the capital nuku'alofa.
1	david moyes assistant principal anniesland college dunbartonshire.
1	he served in these positions until 1993.
1	they received 10.46 points for that twist.
1	christ church barnet herts east end geograph.
1	the village has a population of 320.
1	etxenike has co-authored over 400 scientific articles.
1	alison logan for services to community relations.
1	the population was 13 as of 2012.
1	the village has a population of 260.
1	the company was formed by wes edens.
1	in 1912 the edgewood rural telephone co.
1	it is now at fukuoka city museum.
1	however tamborazo uses saxophones instead of clarinets.
1	ginger senses brigitte's insincerity and kills sam.
1	it's bride of frankenstein meets sunset boulevard!
1	steinberg becomes keyboarder of the new band.
1	sylvester escapes and replugs the mouse hole.
1	soon after the xm800 was also rejected.
1	kebzabo's primary support base is in mayo-kebbi.
1	the administrative seat lies at sokuluk village.
1	the poem is composed of two cantos.
1	a later sequel was named (at bio's).
1	lou has thirteen consonants and seven vowels.
1	she married secondly 1842 cavaliere settimio centamori.
1	on april 12 1999 she was decommissioned.
1	she and her father dance a bit.
1	the jaguars released him on december 7.
1	the larvae feed on decaying organic tissue.
1	it may be either fretted or unfretted.
1	in 1969 she started acting at pistolteatern.
1	antinucci followed 0.075 seconds behind in second.
1	the english edition was published in 2021.
1	fleming's first husband was william frederic johnson.
1	federico barbaro colloquialized it (published in 1957).
1	lieutenant-colonel george reginald gibbs army cadet force.
1	the album was released in april 2014.
1	thomas allen died on 21 september 1673.
1	however he did not publish any books.
1	the one taxi marilyn gorbie santa dracula.
1	determining sustainable yield logging was the goal.
1	it is also known as malnad pradesh.
1	that's how i am in real life.
1	october 12 1906: line renamed bantan line.
1	de meester was born in roeselare belgium.
1	the nearby communities are winston and douglasville.
1	the station has 2 underground side platforms.
1	the ship ran aground in shilshole bay.
1	the mission church was established by rt.
1	in the first round of the collegeinsider.
1	the next edition was thus dated 1841.
1	the humphrey nature center opened in 2016.
1	hood was educated at oxted preparatory school.
1	dangerous golf had lukewarm reception and sales.
1	vintcent died the next year in 1873.
1	the windows are casement and double hung.
1	it was headed by abolitionist wendell phillips.
1	from 2002 he started his business activities.
1	vivienne malone-mayes 63 american mathematician and professor.
1	two male cyclists represented indonesia in 1992.
1	its publisher is die presse verlag gmbh.
1	previous development editors have included geoffrey burdell.
1	mikel dufrenne 85 french philosopher and aesthetician.
1	the altar was decorated with jasper columns.
1	william baker sgt william spencer and sgt.
1	on may 1 andy katz of espn.
1	the eyes are a distinctive bold brown.
1	the french text was by michel-jean sedaine.
1	the reported number of cases was 20973.
1	bartley was born in st. catharines ontario.
1	the team was coached by lou lamoriello.
1	october 11 1905 renamed to present name.
1	savely kramarov 60 soviet russian-american actor cancer.
1	there were no nominations before the election.
1	it was described by straneo in 1951.
1	there are no icebergs in the sea.
1	with that you're going to make it.
1	it was described by liebherr in 2006.
1	stavudine also causes severe mitochondrial dna depletion.
1	this is us our love our loss.
1	six psl and two pdl teams enter.
1	waterson was born in california in 1965.
1	raines described the gunfight as an ambush.
1	captain alfred paget whitehead master merchant navy.
1	it was released on may 1 2009.
1	pain may occur at the injection site.
1	there were also reactions on social media.
1	the journal of physical chemistry a's nov.
1	hebrews is placed after epistle to philemon.
1	he was interred in spring grove cemetery.
1	there is no such diagnosis in dsm-5.
1	this series was produced by big feats!
1	in the building of the former inn.
1	the population was 184 as of 2010.
1	in 2009 beard returned to new orleans.
1	only one entry per photographer is accepted.
1	this would bring about associated environmental problems.
1	from there the band name just stuck.
1	cornstalk was originally buried at fort randolph.
1	sprott graduated with a ba in 1849.
1	he died january 3 1918 at columbus.
1	he was educated at christ church oxford.
1	he lost the nomination to john marty.
1	land was distributed according to several criteria.
1	the college still has an annexe here.
1	he had also held it before 1066.
1	it based on the second sino-japanese war.
1	its headquarters are located in yerevan armenia.
1	their youngest daughter had died in 1892.
1	they have two daughters from their marriage.
1	he was waived on september 2 2017.
1	he won the bout via unanimous decision.
1	lita then received an fu off cena.
1	captain francis james plummer (97846) royal engineers.
1	money was plentiful and credit was easy.
1	for 1963 stevens again restyled the lark.
1	the rectum does not penetrate the heart.
1	for a time it was a hotel.
1	latreilliidae is a small family of crabs.
1	students with higher marks receive them first.
1	reich's exhibition of a productive people held.
1	he was raised in watertown new york.
1	the kunta tribe separated into two groups.
1	chadwick enrolled at yale university in 1898.
1	it is a hymn for the dying.
1	on the january 30 episode of smackdown!
1	anthocyanins generally are degraded at higher ph.
1	saltwell wanted more power and acquired murcer.
1	military replicas require a permit for import.
1	the project was completed in december 2017.
1	regarded as a five-star recruit by rivals.
1	it serves the western and southern lines.
1	hopi senom transit provides connections to moenkopi.
1	of these suicides 5,650 were farmers suicides.
1	tissa balasuriya in sri lanka was excommunicated.
1	his second marriage was to natalya fateyeva.
1	this line-up recorded for all we shared.
1	since two lefts don't make a right.
1	scrapping was completed on 8 november 2002.
1	this update was initially launched in thailand.
1	el argentinos uk official number was 160405.
1	mccall was born in halifax nova scotia.
1	its flanks show numerous overlapping lava flows.
1	speakers included massachusetts treasurer timothy p. cahill.
1	he can also play as a centre-back.
1	jase refuses to go but judith insists.
1	the wings are black above and below.
1	mr gavin john trembath queensland ambulance service.
1	king was married to actor tom forman.
1	mwingi west is a constituency in kenya.
1	the philippine-spec model is imported from thailand.
1	her family moved to london in 1966.
1	electric trams started in service in 1916.
1	on the march 20 episode of smackdown!
1	bergen aquarium features more than 300 species.
1	excludes above-minimum appropriations from schools' funding base.
1	it belongs to the municipality of valencia.
1	redhill is 18 miles east of guildford.
1	mario's father does not accept this relationship.
1	abaka-quansah was born on 15 july 1954.
1	linde is a river of mecklenburg-vorpommern germany.
1	al-siddiqi was born in 1915 in jubail.
1	buckland wright died on 27 september 1954.
1	for services to transport and charitable fundraising.
1	she paired with francis wilson in erminie.
1	prison inmates in ontario make registration plates.
1	flag of the people's republic of china.
1	the population was 1 as of 2010.
1	also organize melange the annual alumni meet.
1	directorate of overseas surveys tolworth uk 1976.
1	thyia a naiad who consorted with apollo.
1	it flows into the schwalm near schrecksbach.
1	he ruled from 1565 to 1620 ad.
1	five years later his mother also died.
1	he was born in carmen santa fe.
1	he secured 40,287 votes to giri's 33,730.
1	all ties are two-legged including the final.
1	but pietro was hunting round for causes.
1	in 1984 there were approximately 100,000 amsterdammertjes.
1	most of the energy would be solar.
1	the cnor was in worse financial shape.
1	hockley mill farm also known as mt.
1	also discovered were glass and pottery vessels.
1	the 16 teams of eccellenza molise participated.
1	carol soon begins to suffer from claustrophobia.
1	at 05:05 18 ju 88s from ii.
1	interdependent tests can cause cascading false negatives.
1	however the film underperformed at the box-office.
1	israeli outposts are illegal under israeli law.
1	the game was shown at e3 2005.
1	residents are zoned to chicago public schools.
1	it is found in japan and taiwan.
1	the semi-final against norway was won 3-0.
1	texas later became part of the us.
1	passenger express and superfast trains halt here.
1	he died in baghdad two years later.
1	letham is a village in angus scotland.
1	niwa mitsushige instituted the festival in 1664.
1	jones condemns everyone and everything including himself.
1	he also managed the club in 1950.
1	the last two were installed in 2012.
1	christoph von wolzogen das skandalon des ich.
1	the village has a population of 30.
1	the first two were installed in 2007.
1	the people's place went bankrupt in 1977.
1	she remained national champion for 15 years.
1	the armour was backed by of teak.
1	the passage is not conclusive about anything.
1	different artists worked on these exhibition pieces.
1	the current plates use numerals without script.
1	the sacristy was built at this time.
1	over his lifetime he fathered many children.
1	shobdon started as a british army camp.
1	she grew up in greene county indiana.
1	at the end of the ii mil.
1	he is a visiting lecturer at soas.
1	liatris bracteata flowers in september to november.
1	since 2016 the institution rebuilt its position.
1	a resident blacksmith works in the forge.
1	she remained national champion for 15 years.
1	blizzard goes insane raping the teenaged shed.
1	afterwards all his racing activities are sponsored.
1	ascension songs (spasovske pesme) disappeared quite early.
1	the dravidian language influenced the indo-aryan languages.
1	seeds also contain oil ducts and canals.
1	waring paul martin townsend and richard lewington.
1	wyatt and morgan resign as law enforcers.
1	jonathan griffin penguin classics 2nd edition 2000.
1	there were 20 partners of phase 2.
1	this is sometimes called the michaelis complex.
1	it is part of city of lismore.
1	his father is film producer art linson.
1	the new addition was inaugurated in 2003.
1	the response to his appeal was overwhelming.
1	the parking garage will be left intact.
1	dismal swamp state park opened in 2008.
1	divorce was banned in ireland in 1937.
1	bush obtained new zealand citizenship in 2004.
1	mynas are medium-sized passerines with strong feet.
1	series fans will best appreciate this one.
1	new museum of contemporary art new york.
1	local and spinal anaesthesia find common use.
1	he threatens to take the prize money.
1	the twelve were taken prisoner and executed.
1	it is generally longer than three months.
1	the syrphini are a tribe of hoverflies.
1	results were declared on 23 december 2019.
1	americans are not always aware of this.
1	johnson is now a housewife and grandmother.
1	cresswell was born in brighton east sussex.
1	m.sc in chemistry (physical chemistry) rajshahi university.
1	lyons has also written fiction for adults.
1	he commenced work in london in 1877.
1	fastest 12 riders continue to the eighth-finals.
1	he then continued his career in france.
1	aedas has completed more than one-hundred projects.
1	reynolds was born in portsmouth hampshire england.
1	allen is married and has two children.
1	the building was finally demolished in 1964.
1	he was fined 20% of his purse.
1	houston city council district b serves pleasantville.
1	the origin of this name is unclear.
1	it was established in the year 1994.
1	his production studio is called studio rikka.
1	the centre of kangar is sena province.
1	reinbert de leeuw oliver knussen robert spano.
1	deep down i must be a psychopath.
1	in 1889 she married james a. wise.
1	frederick john morley artificer admiralty signal establishment.
1	however his recommendation was not acted upon.
1	the album was produced by david bottrill.
1	the rider was awarded a grey jersey.
1	the second classification was the points classification.
1	playing on malaysia's national catchcry 'malaysia boleh!
1	in march 1981 the division was disbanded.
1	the film has received positive critical review.
1	the name was later shortened to gwi.
1	his mother was born esther elizabeth rogers.
1	jenkinson comes from a family of boxers.
1	he died in kolkata 2008 west bengal.
1	preethi falls from a cliff and dies.
1	she is currently the vocalist of sirenia.
1	after 1945 he worked as a consultant.
1	woods impressed at the 2018 open championship.
1	by 1973 there were around 720 girls.
1	march to the sea november 15-december 10.
1	ambur is known for its spicy biryani.
1	another extreme case occurred in november 1953.
1	edward everett received the vice presidential nomination.
1	shores c. b. cull and n. malizia.
1	the edifice begins with early humans hunting.
1	in 1993 a restoration study was completed.
1	in 2020 spaceflight industries sold spaceflight inc.
1	that's been our plan from the get-go.
1	pierre mpozenzi was born in about 1937.
1	unit non-response is generally dealt with exclusion.
1	capricorn group on the great barrier reef.
1	d in physical chemistry university of cambridge.
1	in february 1976 the division was disbanded.
1	it started operations on 15 september 2013.
1	twelve figure skaters from eight nations competed.
1	holice is located about east of pardubice.
1	finstertalspeicher is a reservoir in tyrol austria.
1	artillery brigade iv corps to august 1865.
1	unwanted babies were left outside to die.
1	the share price plummeted to below $1.
1	the 2009 edition took place in march.
1	finger-style guitar was recorded in one day.
1	peter is still in love with sara.
1	it would now be called the clara-zetkin-oberschule.
1	it was constructed between 1120 and 1150.
1	three damaging tornadoes occurred in the state.
1	in 2006 he moved to mito hollyhock.
1	buenker john d. and joseph buenker eds.
1	baring was born on 12 april 1864.
1	since 1994 it is operated by cptm.
1	the group had 4,000 members in 1945.
1	after divorce he remarried pianist ilse josten.
1	ironically a mooted purchaser was news corporation.
1	over 52,000 visitors came to the show.
1	it was converted into the in 1924.
1	cover designe was by sten brian tunheim.
1	diniz barros filed reports on those threats.
1	all times are in minutes and seconds.
1	the mayflower compact was a social contract.
1	she starred in the 2007 film juno.
1	it was described by mitchell in 1930.
1	the money was used on goalie gloves.
1	she then changed her surname to fabio.
1	he became a queen's counsel in 2009.
1	kisumu central is a constituency in kenya.
1	he was caught cheating in the experiments.
1	the divorce was finalized in june 2016.
1	he was a disciple of jan gebauer.
1	examples are treptichnus pedum and arenicolites franconicus.
1	it was released on august 21 2009.
1	while rules 48 and 62.1 were added.
1	he also wrote numerous travelogues and autobiographies.
1	gruppe moved to creil on 9 july.
1	hatfill was identified as a possible culprit.
1	the fort's armament was completed in 1907.
1	his actions earned him a bronze star.
1	it was named for governor albinus nance.
1	sir eugene aynsley goossens violinist and conductor.
1	the new signal frequencies are called heterodynes.
1	another method decomposes into two main steps.
1	she served as chief judge until 2007.
1	in 2011 peters suffered a mild stroke.
1	the genre is extremely popular in japan.
1	she created illustrations for hundreds of articles.
1	sometime afterwards mcglennon's interest piqued in politics.
1	it was described by hintz in 1919.
1	this species was described from new zealand.
1	it is a tributary of lake superior.
1	events from the year 1969 in china.
1	she became a sloan fellow in 2006.
1	d. from the university of north texas.
1	the building is a rijksmonument since 1973.
1	records to the limited christian music market.
1	on november 20 2010 at 7 a.m.
1	forsius and harkimo divorced after dan's birth.
1	she was raised in a hindu household.
1	as a result the bout was scrapped.
1	in september 2011 bondarenko married denis volodko.
1	neururer took over on 7 november 1994.
1	sredny baskunchak is the nearest rural locality.
1	similar sensing platforms are used on aircraft.
1	she attended meetings of the group 47.
1	he married mary elizabeth gamble in 1920.
1	it was described by fyles in 1904.
1	as time passed more information was revealed.
1	the highway begins curving to the northeast.
1	she was redesignated as stricken vessel nr.
1	there are approximately 2,500 native speakers today.
1	the marine wives win the military challenge.
1	popular uses include vacation rental and relocation.
1	islam shah died on 22 november 1554.
1	stradbally suffered a 1-05 to 0-03 defeat.
1	the population was 59 as of 2010.
1	they were parents to george kenneth scott-moncrieff.
1	it was released on july 20 1991.
1	the computer failed on the 48th revolution.
1	several towns were established on these routes.
1	saiful azizi student affairs senior assistant pn.
1	i think we may in the future.
1	d the 7th e missouri militia co.
1	enemy ships are encountered while in space.
1	the company was headquartered in plano texas.
1	setiawan hery renaud mathieu and michelle thompson-fawcett.
1	passenger express and superfast trains halt here.
1	they were attracted to each other immediately.
1	mudford married maurice richard king in 1932.
1	the high central building dates from 1616.
1	jintang island is largely an agricultural community.
1	the branches are curly with well-defined handedness.
1	the shape of the building is maintained.
1	the population was 23 as of 2010.
1	like the horn it has many uses.
1	the journal's editor-in-chief is timothy g. buchman.
1	wildlife is abundant at san pedro valley.
1	motiv liebe is a german television series.
1	he took over peter smith and co.
1	michael albert richardson inspector metropolitan police service.
1	jattari chairman is rajpal khateek sabse sateek.
1	sarah mysteriously recites a verse of poetry.
1	itasuchus had originally been assigned to trematochapsidae.
1	he won the fight via split decision.
1	mary who married william eustace of castlemartin.
1	andrew lake grade b1 ministry of defence.
1	for services to the nhs in scotland.
1	moore entered bryn mawr college in 1905.
1	arthram vergara tejano from ipil zamboanga sibugay.
1	in 1912 the second english booklet appeared.
1	in 1898 cosmopolitan published sally ann's experience.
1	its local name is losna or lasna.
1	aleksey was born on november 2 1974.
1	bruce fink richard feldstein and maire jaanus.
1	giorgi ended the year ranked no. 98.
1	rodger was born in columbia south carolina.
1	the city's name means place of deposits.
1	it is located in the nsong circle.
1	a large wall surrounds the family property.
1	statsdirect (statsdirect ltd manchester uk) implements variants.
1	only a prerelease build is available today.
1	merlene ottey also ran 16.46 bend (1989).
1	he reportedly earned $32 million in 2005.
1	he was entitled to cast two votes.
1	his seventh symphony was written for london.
1	she and her husband had nine children.
1	danielson was born in michigan united states.
1	loti falk gaffney was married 3 times.
1	stotts city is located at (37.102983 93.946662).
1	farming was also an important early industry.
1	he retired from inter-county football in 2000.
1	he chose lsu over tennessee among others.
1	his lands were at tullibardine and gask.
1	jayanthi gives birth to ganesh's daughter rukmini.
1	a corporation never sleeps or slows down.
1	the fur line extends beneath the child.
1	she speaks english danish and swedish fluently.
1	knight commander of the royal victorian order.
1	prins van oranje tried to escape eastward.
1	he dreams of building a media conglomerate.
1	it was available as a digital download.
1	switzerland won the tie 3-1 over italy.
1	he is currently playing for wasps rugby.
1	giorgi ended the season ranked no. 26.
1	the vote became infamous among dam opponents.
1	twenty-eight republicans and 20 democrats supported it.
1	renberg also plays guitar in his band.
1	iskrenov also had a brief film career.
1	zorba is also available as a tool.
1	the british are coming (young readers edition).
1	she was decommissioned on 16 august 2019.
1	it was destroyed in world war ii.
1	the first settlers were several francophone families.
1	she was previously a medical office administrator.
1	the gig was organized by andy kershaw.
1	the 45th casualty dated back to 1952.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	han suyin 95 writer (a many-splendoured thing).
1	they have three children takuya kenji ayako.
1	gorey is twinned with oban in scotland.
1	in a may 2019 interview with radio.
1	the church was consecrated by the rt.
1	the ribonucleoproteins play a role of protection.
1	another use is as a gasoline additive.
1	he specialized in the history of germany.
1	carole ann mrs. field guest house proprietor.
1	the water boils with rage and hate.
1	to his horror daniel dies shortly afterwards.
1	it serves st. john the baptist parish.
1	he emerges on fetch rock in 2004.
1	seeds 4 through 7 play each other.
1	michael brian cookson president british cycling federation.
1	american troops also airlifted survivors to hospitals.
1	in 1839 hardt became an independent municipality.
1	he retired to shoreham kent in 1947.
1	then she starred in above 100 films.
1	in september 2020 he signed for sunderland.
1	it was released throughout europe and japan.
1	the north auckland line runs through motatau.
1	member of the new york zoological society.
1	the majority of the people are hindus,sikhs.
1	the episode explores racism at the time.
1	the nordic countries employ approximately 300 people.
1	approximately 70 letters of intent were received.
1	nothing is known about his early years.
1	the 16 teams of eccellenza umbria participated.
1	the college is affiliated with calicut university.
1	extracts of lemon verbena also contain verbascoside.
1	he was raised in the imperial palace.
1	javanbakht is interested in epistemology and aesthetics.
1	rahul keni is an indian first-class cricketer.
1	karel cool ingemar dierickx and rudy martens.
1	by 1870 seck-a-hoot had regained his position.
1	their population as of 1994 is 87,270.
1	the protein atf-2 has 505 amino acids.
1	lavelle lost re-election to democrat laura sturgeon.
1	sharyuf is a village in eastern yemen.
1	it is located in the hadhramaut governorate.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	sparse monthly sampling will still indicate vacillations.
1	the maximum height difference is around 300m.
1	cultivars include 'imperator 58' and 'sugarsnax hybrid'.
1	the canal patapujo became operative in 1992.
1	barbour county contains two public school districts.
1	the fruit capsule opens in three valves.
1	the population was 111 as of 2010.
1	kapo's music is most popular among children.
1	he was released on august 31 2019.
1	its slogan is news and music power.
1	the population was 31,314 inhabitants in 2008.
1	suppose that this class is a set.
1	see guttural r in portuguese for details.
1	it is cold and woolens are required.
1	that's why i'm not attracted to you.
1	the loser is the first to 121.
1	the theorem was first published in 1943.
1	in addition to drawing bello enjoys dancing.
1	it now serves as an administration building.
1	he was released on july 14 2009.
1	she represented albania in the macedonian festival.
1	it supports the same formats as rockchip.
1	this situation had made felix insanely jealous.
1	he has four brothers and one sister.
1	she advised the secretary on indian affairs.
1	this process takes place in a vacuum.
1	nbc launched its own olympic website nbcolympics.
1	he lives and works in turku finland.
1	the ruptured duck is the seventh flight.
1	peter paul rubens the drunken silenus wga20297.
1	this couple danced but received no scores.
1	it can make or break a show.
1	capella is rosat x-ray source 1rxs j051642.
1	on 19 june 1944 servigliano was freed.
1	it is situated in barangay 'bunsuran 1'.
1	both programs were enacted subsequent the elections.
1	modern passenger cars have split drive axles.
1	he is originally from king island tasmania.
1	on 31 august 2021 chakir joined renate.
1	stats reflect time with the hurricanes only.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	stats reflect time with the hurricanes only.
1	ria was well received by food critics.
1	pseudepigraphy was common in the medieval era.
1	for services to the community in northamptonshire.
1	vinoba bhave visited it in august 1959.
1	the station targeted 1950s through 1980s country.
1	it is in the canton of brassac-les-mines.
1	in 1997 the band released weihnachten stinkt!
1	among men european dressing has greater acceptance.
1	awake in the night land castalia house.
1	tweety says well what do you know?
1	bolshoy utyash is the nearest rural locality.
1	each group played a home tournament basis.
1	photobombing has received significant coverage since 2009.
1	satyajit chatterjee former soccer player and coach.
1	arsaki (settlement) is the nearest rural locality.
1	he is commemorated on the thiepval memorial.
1	ali released his third album in 2019.
1	below is a non-comprehensive list of compositions.
1	the original settlers were from memphis tennessee.
1	flakes may be yellow white or grayish.
1	in 1933 the nazis came to power.
1	for services to medicine in northern ireland.
1	jesus christ yesterday today and tomorrow fr.
1	the mayor is jordi juan huguet (2011-).
1	reliefs were used to decorate the facade.
1	no infrequent panelists appeared in season 2.
1	the population was 8 as of 2010.
1	stephen hugh morgan chief executive autism cymru.
1	the population was 86 as of 2010.
1	the population was 46 as of 2010.
1	the female was first identified in 2002.
1	pettis lost the fight via unanimous decision.
1	black horizon theater dissolved by the mid-1970s.
1	it closed in 1920 because of prohibition.
1	it also published book reviews and music.
1	he lost against liberal candidate jean lapierre.
1	blue mound is located at (38.090283 95.008409).
1	leaves gather sunlight and carry out photosynthesis.
1	in 1988 he moved on to reading.
1	c. r. gregory saw it in 1883.
1	barabar caves bihar or 6th century ce.
1	amphisbaena fed on the corpses left behind.
1	in 1994 he made his film debut.
1	psl began awarding phds at that point.
1	it was described by mitchell in 1934.
1	st. robert is located at (37.824550 92.133499).
1	the piece earned the mokranjac award 2012.
1	others were formed in the following decades.
1	the forest is covered by thick vegetation.
1	he was knighted on 16 april 1679.
1	the population was 268 as of 2013.
1	allari ramudu is a 2002 telugu film.
1	then they lived at greystones in luddenden.
1	huberia brounii is endemic to new zealand.
1	the architect is unknown perhaps webb himself.
1	dollar academy is a fee paying school.
1	he became an imperial councillor in 1841.
1	the village has a population of 370.
1	he returned to broadway directing pantagleize (1967).
1	they have a son and two daughters.
1	gaius paccius africanus consul suffectus ex kal.
1	other musical groups have recorded his compositions.
1	the station is now in private ownership.
1	larvae have been recorded on artemisia campestris.
1	california and vermont ban coyote hunting contests.
1	integration differentiation and tangent expression of functions.
1	matthew william tuck police constable norfolk constabulary.
1	the province is named after cacique tundama.
1	it is situated in the wiehengebirge approx.
1	orton then pinned carlito for the win.
1	the gameplay is similar to moon tycoon.
1	he was educated there and in vientiane.
1	big conspiracy received widespread acclaim from critics.
1	she docked at trondheim on 26 march.
1	doyle works as an architect in melbourne.
1	terrell participated in the 1955 southern 500.
1	historical memoirs of the university of castilla.
1	streaked shearwaters also breed on the island.
1	william n. braley was the team captain.
1	kenny knocks albert unconscious with a bottle.
1	d. from ussr scientific institute for prosecutors.
1	the bbc was not granted the injunction.
1	i recognized that because i lived it.
1	disney after dark new york: disney editions.
1	the film's working title was snow ball.
1	for services to the organic food industry.
1	the bogue high school mascot was bluejays.
1	each correct answer is worth two points.
1	the females are generally darker in color.
1	in 2004 spencer won a third term.
1	events from the year 1900 in italy.
1	counts was a coal miner from nora.
1	initially crisanto rivera acted as the officer-in-charge.
1	neither team scored in the third period.
1	one of the male protagonists of now.
1	the province is formed by 10 municipalities.
1	it stars susie porter and kelly mcgillis.
1	additionally there were 40 1978 750gts manufactured.
1	it is found in papua new guinea.
1	port vale and swansea city received byes.
1	the youngest is anand a press photographer.
1	in 1198 it was mentioned as maxanio.
1	a further 21 other people were injured.
1	kosg 103.9 fm featuring southern gospel music.
1	it was released on march 20 2013.
1	for services to emergency healthcare in fife.
1	the sequel was released in september 2015.
1	the population was 12 as of 2002.
1	caputo is a youth exponent from sassuolo.
1	split carinae are also known from daspletosaurus.
1	patrocinio samudio 42 paraguayan footballer heart attack.
1	khuzaimi was born in krubong melaka malaysia.
1	the concrete building is built in 1934.
1	all prisoners were living in 24-man tents.
1	rundata joint nordic database for runic inscriptions.
1	symphonic movement for the victims of buchemwald.
1	he died at salt lake city utah.
1	it stars william elliott and marki bey.
1	siddi abdul rehman grandson of malik ambar.
1	most casualties resulted from the jeju uprising.
1	concerto no. 1 in c major op.
1	the town has a population of 1,554.
1	ankas khan a noble of tughlaq period.
1	gun crimes are very rare in poland.
1	he was cut on august 30 2015.
1	it was a part of kalinin oblast.
1	it was renamed to pahlavi in 1935.
1	klby returned to air february 11 1987.
1	he was released on march 28 2018.
1	walker has two children and three grandchildren.
1	in 1999 norma submitted it to cip.
1	the word is the word of wisdom.
1	the badgers would start with the ball.
1	mexican-american luchador mask de smith (miguel caballero).
1	the place has famous bhadra maruti temple.
1	the tout has a distinct pointed shape.
1	ed cassidy 89 american musician (spirit) cancer.
1	she was commissioned on 21 december 1973.
1	it has also been recorded from oklahoma.
1	the group's concerts once again sold out.
1	jon snow illegitimate son of eddard stark.
1	these painting are located in the chancel.
1	outside the top ten jarvis finished 11th.
1	he is also a wooden boat builder.
1	crikey the crocodile monster a giant crocodile.
1	the latex of the plant is toxic.
1	in 1980 the railway had 60,000 passengers.
1	throughout his life earp moved between boomtowns.
1	netlib comprises many separate programs and libraries.
1	klby finally began telecasting july 4 1984.
1	this is known as a secant line.
1	the kingpin appears in marvel: avengers alliance.
1	the following summer he moved to catanzaro.
1	they hug and then share a kiss.
1	as part of the 2016 marvel now!
1	burton was born in westminster south carolina.
1	prosecution experts testified to the dna evidence.
1	delivery (in english) holland house books 2021.
1	hood is remembered on the runnymede memorial.
1	sp6 swimmers can be found in s5.
1	amoah-tetteh was born on 25 november 1945.
1	openolat supports the ims-qti format version 1.2.
1	the species has been classified as androdioecious.
1	this alliance was clearly directed against brandenburg.
1	for services to public engagement in science.
1	a conservative he was defeated in 1886.
1	the label specializes in newcomer rock bands.
1	turtle creek township was organized in 1890.
1	the mold temperature is about 350 degrees.
1	cousins was redshirted for the 2007 season.
1	claire sterling 75 american author and journalist.
1	in 1941 hazelton was diagnosed with cancer.
1	several meetings have been held in australia.
1	it is named after the chuluut river.
1	despite the popular belief this was apocryphal.
1	for services to the community in birmingham.
1	noa married twice and had two children.
1	this village was earlier known as abhaynagar.
1	this is also known as intra-brand competition.
1	it was intended to liberalize international trade.
1	there is up and there is down.
1	she played for the club il jardar.
1	they are part of the human species.
1	after that he signed with lokomotiv sofia.
1	diana says they must track them down.
1	kristin chenoweth as rosetta a garden fairy.
1	the family soon moved to dallas texas.
1	other reviewers also highlighted the book's originality.
1	it's tortured epic extremely sexual and personal.
1	seo-bo needed a break-through in his life.
1	ltd and director by sundar k vijayan.
1	she also narrated tough guy or chicken?
1	it is perhaps his best known work.
1	the french admiral totally ignored spanish protests.
1	they lost only two and tied three.
1	louis enters and strangles margaret to death.
1	both paul and karla are subsequently arrested.
1	eventually remigius secured resinstatement to his bishopric.
1	there are four children in giorgi's family.
1	chief minister of myeong wang shin gyo.
1	during this interval trimark dropped the film.
1	the reported number of cases was 19503.
1	it broadcasts from radio studios in medford.
1	it was described by heller in 1902.
1	klby operated for less than 18 months.
1	rejuvenatrix debuted within america during july 1988.
1	she subsequently studied to become an actuary.
1	vijayaraghunatha was a ruler of considerable ability.
1	both erupted and replacement teeth were removed.
1	that was fixed in the 2005 release.
1	mikhail shatrov (1932-2010) was a soviet playwright.
1	all are set in the expanse series.
1	immediately to its east is pondfield cove.
1	but then that would prove too much.
1	however dirigible is killed by gwen stacy.
1	her parents were avraham and zina harman.
1	some people managed to obtain crossbow permits.
1	it is found in indonesia (western java).
1	in 1788 he married gyro torsdatter lande.
1	a typical performance takes about 17 minutes.
1	these were soon routed by the locals.
1	the game was played in 15-minute quarters.
1	earnhardt is also a streamer for iracing.
1	it became a listed building in 1950.
1	library music may be sampled without clearance.
1	it is a type of fruit brandy.
1	the mortimer building's demolition commenced in mid-1919.
1	logan makes the announcement during his speech.
1	for services to export to the caribbean.
1	his daughter ann jane married sanford fleming.
1	kairys is a lithuanian language family name.
1	she would herself study the chinese language.
1	next to the church is a cemetery.
1	silvia hauer is a german operatic mezzo-soprano.
1	mahadeo is asha's husband and a drunkard.
1	his hometown is stokes valley lower hutt.
1	its license was surrendered january 17 2020.
1	recipient of the 2010 local hero award.
1	the tamir river passes through the sum.
1	he and his wife have four children.
1	he died in the gulag in 1944.
1	one creation is extant as of 2008.
1	it is still cold with pleasant days.
1	transgenic medaka are relatively easy to produce.
1	robert webb head of governor's office montserrat.
1	belgium qualified one male open water swimmer.
1	i want them to play on sunday.
1	sacchetti died at san miniato around 1400.
1	paik were foot soldiers during medieval period.
1	the 200 metres was introduced in 1982.
1	preliminary round tournament held in casablanca morocco.
1	he is currently in galaxy 4k television.
1	thugs appear and scare off her customers.
1	gloves should be worn while examining it.
1	the station opened on 26 may 2019.
1	it was attended by around 1200 people.
1	the season was composed by fifteen races.
1	he held the post for 23 years.
1	he currently plays for inter de limeira.
1	the journals contain both text and artworks.
1	chickens are raised openly not in pens.
1	the population was 101 as of 2010.
1	richard floyd 80 american politician and lawmaker.
1	he refused medal because of general montgomery.
1	in 2016 she was ranked no. 6.
1	stats reflect time with the islanders only.
1	he was survived by his wife allyce.
1	associate editor ciottone's disaster medicine 2nd edition.
1	inshan ali 45 trinidad and tobago cricketer.
1	he was sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment.
1	she was a 2012 guggenheim foundation fellow.
1	meadows and woods lie southwest of koseze.
1	gene bilbrew contributed illustrations to the magazine.
1	its circulation was 80,000 copies in 2013.
1	there she joined the special service squadron.
1	it does however allow two-way mobile communication.
1	she was commissioned on 20 january 1981.
1	she studies topology principally in three dimensions.
1	he was a member of the freemasons.
1	in other words use the single-player experience.
1	north of chintpurni are the western himalayas.
1	technomotion is a korean music video game.
1	on the top there is a model.
1	lenovo released the ideacentre a740 in 2014.
1	she married singer yutaro miura in 2020.
1	the station became unstaffed in july 2014.
1	captain frederick arthur kennett master merchant navy.
1	the college continued at borough high street.
1	levensau is a river of schleswig-holstein germany.
1	carl brian bickler general medical practitioner edinburgh.
1	the genus was first described in 1810.
1	albert edward le blond founder alb holdings.
1	oreck has authored several books on taxation.
1	robin burley lately director edinvar housing association.
1	acting flight lieutenant stanley frank browne (35396).
1	the league ceased operations in april 2019.
1	primary replicas are distributed among the computers.
1	in 2004 he became an assistant professor.
1	dqa102 and dqa106 contain only one allele.
1	david performed a song by stevie wonder.
1	the vessel was commissioned in september 1988.
1	it is endemic to peru and russia.
1	there are 7 levels of underground parking.
1	each work is carefully executed by hand.
1	yorktowns anti-aircraft gunners brought down the plane.
1	he moved to jerv in february 2022.
1	the prologue was provided by john dryden.
1	however the lodge grandmaster was always male.
1	rudolf serkin was a close family friend.
1	he competed at the 2000 summer olympics.
1	the race was won by cees priem.
1	design drawings were completed by december 2002.
1	lens lives alternately in brussels and venice.
1	the waldorf-astoria hotel at 301 park ave.
1	riot ii can also stick to walls.
1	propel operates 9 schools in allegheny county.
1	the pump began to work after that.
1	eleven were killed and 37 were injured.
1	the song also received airplay in sweden.
1	likewise each region has a technical board.
1	he was also a critic of cointelpro.
1	through this the evangelic church was destroyed.
1	it entered into force: february 17 2014.
1	paul lockyer 61 australian journalist helicopter crash.
1	canadian outback steakhouse restaurants began in 1996.
1	the semifinals were held on july 21.
1	but about his medal we read nothing.
1	the building has exposed log rafter ends.
1	grant was not only a crusading environmentalist.
1	he also seems to believe in rebirth.
1	ramesh saxena 66 indian cricketer brain haemorrhage.
1	the people had reasons to be apprehensive.
1	he said that hamas condemns the massacres.
1	the reported number of cases was 19827.
1	the law took effect the following day.
1	lady elspat is child ballad number 247.
1	the same may be said of individuals.
1	a number of cultivars are commercially available.
1	c. r. gregory saw it in 1885.
1	she married william vii marquess of montferrat.
1	murshidabad district is on the eastern side.
1	these were his first experiences travelling abroad.
1	u.s. army command and general staff college.
1	archived from original on 23 april 2018.
1	it can seat between 60 and 120.
1	for his career freeman scored 2,000 points.
1	meehan worked with former marine staff sgt.
1	diaper positioning can also influence infection risk.
1	different cells produce different structures of polysomes.
1	a vernal pool system is located nearby.
1	in the 1996 grunge film documentary hype!
1	karen holness as emily barnes camryn's mother.
1	his father was the conductor bent mortensen.
1	wilson died at perth in november 2004.
1	iaow stands for i am one who.
1	again he would not complete 2 rotations.
1	she said it is unfortunate and deplorable.
1	concisely written but written with deep warmth.
1	the sede vacante lasted nearly eleven months.
1	arnold pinnock as david barnes camryn's father.
1	while the virulence of p. cannabina pv.
1	this can have an effect on respiration.
1	the park is divided into two sections.
1	in turkey hummus is considered a meze.
1	sartin hutchinson) turkey in the straw (trad.
1	in 1957 he passed the bar exam.
1	shardeloes is a grade i listed building.
1	the airport previously had no such plan.
1	the municipal seat is in bold characters.
1	all ten passengers and crew were killed.
1	these are merely the translated english titles.
1	the population was about 285 in 2017.
1	eric anthony abrahams 71 jamaican public servant.
1	united states africa command headquartered in stuttgart.
1	klaus huber 92 swiss composer and academic.
1	dot and lucretia in harvey girls forever!
1	they are now slated to be scrapped.
1	remarries thantos for the sake of coventry.
1	today there is no official dress code.
1	erol erduran 78 cypriot educator and writer.
1	the arrow's removal led to his death.
1	mitchell recorded only two sacks that year.
1	dr. chen wants to change this practice.
1	william turner und die landschaft seiner zeit.
1	hydrazones are the basis of bioconjugation strategies.
1	the bank's holding company bofi holding inc.
1	the film released on 13 may 2011.
1	a couple could exchange consent anywhere anytime.
1	she is based in santa monica california.
1	he played evelyn tremble's (peter sellers) driver.
1	it alternates march music and dreamlike sections.
1	most rcx-compatible programming languages can be used.
1	symphony no. 4 in f minor op.
1	he released entermission on december 29 2009.
1	yushan blamed the delay on the weather.
1	his son was the indologist auguste-louis-armand loiseleur-deslongchamps.
1	kierkegaard and the paradox of religious diversity.
1	instead planners decided to widen existing roads.
1	intel later posted itanium 9500 reference manual.
1	she later began painting being largely self-taught.
1	he was born in hitchin in hertfordshire.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	the pairing was rescheduled for this event.
1	it has a height of 440 m.a.
1	it was founded on 7 august 1954.
1	cylinder diameters were (high-pressure) (intermediate-pressure) and (low-pressure).
1	billboard frolics is a 1935 warner bros.
1	the french revolution c. scribner's sons 1932.
1	university enrollment grew from 51,000 to 72,000.
1	alcs maintains accreditation as a k-12 school.
1	bahar who had been retired since 2014.
1	their flexidisc was issued with this fanzine.
1	in april 1979 bonin's parole supervision concluded.
1	pitanje pravoslavne crkve u makedoniji munich 1959.
1	it is shaped like a short lighthouse.
1	men and women held their property separately.
1	she won the fight by unanimous decision.
1	zilcher performed works of mendelssohn in 1932.
1	all 14 occupants on board were killed.
1	these are continually shifted to new domains.
1	avondale is a neighborhood in cincinnati ohio.
1	he is the youngest of three brothers.
1	his co-host mariel rodriguez also followed suit.
1	they submit signed time cards each week.
1	he refereed in the scottish unofficial championship.
1	he represents india in the davis cup.
1	it changed formats due to financial losses.
1	she served on the surabaya makassar route.
1	he specialised in canal and harbour engineering.
1	his military career was not neglected either.
1	in addition to being a collectivistic society.
1	his father was a grazier and butcher.
1	actress caroline lee-johnson is the film's narrator.
1	she and douglas were divorced in 1993.
1	total no longer needing isolation are 408,510.
1	all attendees considered the meeting a success.
1	it measures 114 feet by 109 feet.
1	copeland was a justice of the peace.
1	after its complete destruction stopnica never recovered.
1	onsrud is a village in viken norway.
1	it is also york county's highest point.
1	pools orkester was a dansband from sweden.
1	opposition also grew around potential tax increases.
1	he is speaks both english and spanish.
1	he is a 3rd dan in judo.
1	it has a population of about 3,600.
1	the species was first described in 2012.
1	d much to the dismay of peter.
1	kaminsky is a surname with various origins.
1	his given name sometimes appears as 'renkin'.
1	they are whitish with a black head.
1	bryan-brown married florence ranney seery in 1990.
1	she left england vowing never to return.
1	he received appointments from five u.s. presidents.
1	stem 2 is required in these situations.
1	laminarin has two forms soluble and insoluble.
1	they separated in 1942 and later divorced.
1	the signature (i ypografi) (2011) associate producer.
1	unit 4 was begun in november 2013.
1	the new grid has two main advantages.
1	brand was born in ormskirk lancashire england.
1	adult beaded lizards range from in length.
1	theatretrain has support from several well-known actors.
1	the crater has a prominent ray system.
1	admission fees were first charged in 1790.
1	neue choreographie in der gesellschaft des spektakels.
1	alban refused and was taken for execution.
1	there are two main routes of descent.
1	a new chapel was built in 1746-47.
1	they were dating for quite some time.
1	the ride opened on 14 may 1932.
1	each councilor holds office for three years.
1	sometimes these items contain racially offensive lyrics.
1	the forewings are grayish to grayish brown.
1	ecclesiastic and hegemonic rule in central tibet.
1	capital is hired at the lowest cost.
1	he was interred in catskill village cemetery.
1	he also managed the browns in 1897.
1	on january 6 2021 he was outrighted.
1	arizona is home to a diverse population.
1	doctrine links theory history experimentation and practice.
1	this would become known as the med-e-jet.
1	certain compartments are added to the board.
1	a minimum rate of interest is paid.
1	metallic mercury zip has a hover vehicle.
1	it was approved in 1959 by ima.
1	it is based on levi's father's childhood.
1	such machinery can be dated back centuries.
1	incrementally vehicles were introduced from occupied countries.
1	she was born in basra in 1978.
1	juliana was described as a great beauty.
1	emperor xianzong made li yijian chancellor instead.
1	there were no initial claims of responsibility.
1	this species grows to in total length.
1	the next significant upgrade came in 1999.
1	his regular position is centre or fly-half.
1	enfield is a suburb in adelaide australia.
1	he had been free from his charge.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	d. and formalized the ecological constraints model.
1	she moved with her parents to seattle.
1	the other woman is the real sarah.
1	moumoni returned to brazzaville after the elections.
1	the labor party was defending three seats.
1	wilding's tenancy was much longer than essanay's.
1	we were inspired to write new materials.
1	cbs wanted ball's husband co-star richard denning.
1	the play is performed every ten years.
1	they swim by undulating their whole body.
1	that diplome dadet from 19 july 1677.
1	ahmad mirza did not have any children.
1	on the council from 1969 to 1972.
1	reese is a father of five children.
1	he is considered a hero in armenia.
1	despite his injury he remained politically active.
1	the area was initially part of frisia.
1	stanley cup champion in 1942 and 1947.
1	svetlina stoyanova is a bulgarian operatic mezzo-soprano.
1	but hoopa cannot pass through the rings.
1	the church's patron saint is saint spyridon.
1	the cinematography is by hari ghale lama.
1	the site is a national historic site.
1	ward james e.d. twelfth ohio volunteer inf.
1	i wanted to remind people of that.
1	following the surrender all these plans changed.
1	she died less than nine months later.
1	it reached the top 30 in italy.
1	observations on morbid poisons phagedaena and cancer.
1	spiral's mind is apparently immune to possession.
1	antonio maria valencia was born in cali.
1	the barnes family lives in denton texas.
1	around this time he also taught painting.
1	mycosphaerella recutita is a fungal plant pathogen.
1	this event was first held in 1974.
1	types include underblankets overblankets throws and duvets.
1	later that year she attended stockholm university.
1	oobi has made an impression on celebrities.
1	the other capitals and shafts had disappeared.
1	before 2011 it was a quarterly publication.
1	the main competitors of milanuncios are vibbo.
1	hill advocated linear or uniform decompression profiles.
1	it was telecasted on 18 april 2021.
1	typically differences include changes to mechanical ventilation.
1	it is also the fifth 38-gonal number.
1	after this properly capitalised companies were formed.
1	currently working with producer ron saint germain.
1	allin was pronounced dead at the scene.
1	the second season averaged 6.2 million viewers.
1	later nihaal and suzanne fall in love.
1	he was baptised by archimandrite vitaly (maximenko).
1	as such it was a closed city.
1	their aircrew claimed to have sunk it.
1	idemitsu's first tokuyama refinery opened in 1957.
1	turner scott motorsports a nascar team a.k.
1	it was about ten by twelve feet.
1	schultz declared zionism and communism are incompatible.
1	his mother was the daughter of okishimimi-no-kami.
1	the hotel has about of interior space.
1	all proceeds from sales support conservation education.
1	chowdhury fought in the bangladesh liberation war.
1	this change was completed by october 2010.
1	fitzgerald married johanna o'donoghue in january 1872.
1	in pinero's play paula tanqueray kills herself.
1	it is situated in the zaskar range.
1	manual and vocabulary of the beluchi dialect.
1	aurica is a possible future supercontinent configuration.
1	they attacked the palace in june 1719.
1	in 1836 he settled in saint petersburg.
1	it's all on account of long hair.
1	it was released on july 31 2018.
1	in may 2018 red hat acquired coreos.
1	she starts asking questions about his squadron.
1	coats' disease is named after george coats.
1	they are based in new york city.
1	phytelephas seemannii most closely resembles phytelephas macrocarpa.
1	she won two years in a row.
1	raquel is always nervous during a film.
1	silver medal at brussels international exposition 1897.
1	he made his living as a salesman.
1	in 2003 roman abramovich bought chelsea fc.
1	the village has a population of 30.
1	the village has a population of 112.
1	within three months however it was dead.
1	other brokers partner with online ticket exchanges.
1	various other characters appear throughout the series.
1	the winner can qualify the playoffs series.
1	chithurst is about north west of trotton.
1	the village has a population of 354.
1	he was born at killinghall harrogate yorkshire.
1	africa situated on the air route paris-lyon-marseille.
1	one of its founders was levi eshkol.
1	protesters smashed store windows and looted merchandise.
1	my god how the money rolls in.
1	it was released on june 22 2018.
1	the labor party was defending three seats.
1	the m53 motorway marks the western boundary.
1	generally these preceded the later pictorial issues.
1	ryan william downey voices hoopa's unbound form.
1	it serves magnolia village mcneil and waldo.
1	it was described by matsushita in 1933.
1	in this election parallel voting was used.
1	the development was officially opened in 1990.
1	they feed on small fishes and crustaceans.
1	the division was part of 30th army.
1	the older generations are nearly totally uneducated.
1	in 1992 the national christian coalition inc.
1	some of the industrial partners offer kadenze.
1	eric nixon english footballer worked in prenton.
1	imports into the american colonies increased substantially.
1	cobb played college football at harvard university.
1	she refused and later earned a ged.
1	but yvonne is away on a pilgrimage.
1	our man higgins episode who's on first?
1	drought also enhances the effects of wind.
1	keighley finished in 7th position once again.
1	this species can reach in standard length.
1	the clan represents the highest kinship level.
1	julie paulding english cyclist born in prenton.
1	she graduated from barnard college in 1918.
1	she went on to manage other celebrities.
1	the is the coast guard of japan.
1	the translator is fed by 103.9 kzon-hd2.
1	the population was 2 as of 2002.
1	montpelier was the parish seat from 1812-1832.
1	he joined the german socialist party (spd).
1	it is found in morona-santiago province ecuador.
1	many internal parts were less conspicuously revised.
1	i wanted to have a punk tune.
1	she graduated from calvin college in 1990.
1	the player had to figure it out.
1	neville's cross college was opened in 1921.
1	palatalization of k to before front vowels.
1	the context was however very often trouble-shooting.
1	in june 1913 compton married rowena raymond.
1	he failed to be renominated in 1908.
1	shigetoshi bando atsushi kasue and hiraku nakajima.
1	calling males have been recorded in september.
1	in 1984 the islamic saudi academy opened.
1	he then moved to the milwaukee rampage.
1	he is also unicef national goodwill ambassador.
1	this relates to israel's commitment to god.
1	mal reilly was the british team's coach.
1	kilchberg has an unemployment rate of 1.64%.
1	bannertown is a few miles from mt.
1	hindu gurjars were assimilated into several varnas.
1	the village has a population of 101.
1	they commemorate events of world war ii.
1	ferrara's teatro comunale was built in 1798.
1	however the french vessel amphitrite turned back.
1	monday through friday and at 10 a.m.
1	in time a plentiful water source formed.
1	four british soldiers managed to reach safety.
1	it was held on june 29 2019.
1	by 2015 only hp supplied itanium-based systems.
1	fox's trade was that of a bricklayer.
1	zip code of the area is 14350.
1	this formation is known for its fossils.
1	she specialized in flower and insect paintings.
1	schneider describes the constructed room in depth.
1	the chief engagement occurred at bewlie moss.
1	audrey long was signed in january 1945.
1	fingernails reach the end of the fingertips.
1	the conflicting land claims among church members.
1	it was described by turner in 1919.
1	his daughters and nieces received a pension.
1	kroos' goals came just 69 seconds apart.
1	the team was based in xi'an shaanxi.
1	there are around 30,000 catholics in morocco.
1	wintermute engine follows the object-oriented design philosophy.
1	they have two children eve and jason.
1	from havana moore applied for a pardon.
1	the lands are mostly arable and pasture.
1	the village has a population of 2,000.
1	the force causing it is called stress.
1	in 2022 it had around 8500 members.
1	ice cream and spam are particularly popular.
1	the policy had a number of aims.
1	proscenium details and tabs have been retained.
1	the ua had a population of 711,862.
1	his home was recorded in baltimore maryland.
1	mowry and her sister are both singers.
1	wolfgang sawallisch conducting the bavarian state opera.
1	telemark bought old cable television kds despotovica.
1	he defeated an independent candidate marilyn chiong.
1	ex-member achille lollo died in august 2021.
1	hugh buchanan saw the mig close again.
1	the koenigsegg tfg is an inline-3 engine.
1	females are affected more often than males.
1	expansion to christchurch and queenstown is planned.
1	a total lunar eclipse on september 7.
1	tone returned to truk on 2 january.
1	mateu is a catalan name meaning matthew.
1	sir henry harris 89 australian cell biologist.
1	those results were canvassed on may 14.
1	seven springs is located at (40.022939 79.292850).
1	an eight-metre dry moat surrounds the building.
1	the violent attack was caught on camera.
1	however according to armstrong england wanted oil.
1	he has one son and two daughters.
1	the village has a population of 150.
1	the competition consisted of four knock-out rounds.
1	the village has a population of 260.
1	the novel heavily references dante alighieri's inferno.
1	the commission organizes the contest at present.
1	the village has a population of 250.
1	for services to the leisure marine sector.
1	the majority of its inhabitants are betsimisaraka.
1	many of them confessed to the attacks.
1	ivan rassimov played satan in the film.
1	breastfeeding and immunization may also be preventive.
1	there are no patterns on the extremities.
1	edwin's men attack sachi and his friends.
1	republican jacqueline schaffer won the open seat.
1	a mock drumbeat featured on the soundtrack.
1	on the october 22 edition of impact!
1	he won the open championship five times.
1	chair of governors green park school wolverhampton.
1	bowen held that position for two years.
1	the closure was later extended into june.
1	rankings were as of february 8 2016.
1	epoxides can be deoxygenated using oxophilic reagents.
1	goldin had success from a young age.
1	in 1940 he was awarded a phd.
1	on 3 july vitali volkov left aktobe.
1	gakhal pind is also known as gakhalan.
1	carbonic acid includes both carbonates and bicarbonates.
1	calendar verses'' 1918 published by mcclelland co.
1	basically it is army standard of writing.
1	she recommenced her journey on the 21st.
1	cui dunli died less a month later.
1	she was part of the weymouth subgroup.
1	such splendour he stretches out or diffuses.
1	his attire carried through most of 2015.
1	these hearings culminated in votes for impeachment.
1	socket fm1 with ddr3 for lynx processors.
1	frankie accuses louise of framing her son.
1	lebanon valley college located in annville pennsylvania.
1	the two very different men grow closer.
1	she died in british columbia in 1945.
1	he established the pittsburgh glassworks in 1795.
1	it was available for promotional use only.
1	one proposal is that of scale invariance.
1	he plays vedandam ips an encounter specialist.
1	sachin prakash's brother come to meet lekshmi.
1	anand and ashwathy plan to get married.
1	he was sacked on 8 october 2011.
1	he baptized a lot but converted little.
1	overwatering will cause bulb and root rot.
1	this was isner's fifth title at atlanta.
1	o'hara arrived at philadelphia pennsylvania in 1772.
1	however the game only operates at 720p.
1	rankings are as of june 14 2010.
1	connell was born in wisconsin in 1906.
1	bennett was born in twin falls idaho.
1	the building is grade a locally listed.
1	initially the arrowhead carried an on-board cafe.
1	it has grama niladhari division code 679.
1	he was released on 1 april 2017.
1	maria herself is unaware of the proclamation.
1	the involucre consists of canescent obtuse phyllaries.
1	in february the mamluks arrived at adana.
1	there were no fatalities or serious injuries.
1	baldassare longhena died at venice in 1682.
1	two more connoisseurs are near the satiro.
1	the squadron was inactivated in september 1949.
1	in addition the album's artwork was revealed.
1	he was an company director by trade.
1	both players would eventually become fan favorites.
1	his fee reached up to 25 guineas.
1	an alternative name is the orf1ab polyprotein.
1	his second wife was amy ann sullivan.
1	he was born on 20 august 1954.
1	the word careca is portuguese for 'bald'.
1	republican rena turner won the open seat.
1	elizabeth probably arrived in sicily in 1141.
1	it was banned in india in 1998.
1	the hand-picked team consists of 1st sgt.
1	very few had arrived before 1979 (149).
1	they later became known as the ogz.
1	eisinger was the surname of her stepfather.
1	it is an example of gothic architecture.
1	in 1911 an electric power station built.
1	new beginnings was well received by audiences.
1	ignatyev continued negotiations for a russo-chinese treaty.
1	ambassador is in charge of the embassy.
1	in 1972 he married catrinel maria petrulian.
1	they exhibit a strong curiosity about reality.
1	it is found in india's andaman islands.
1	in 1741 there were again twenty-four canons.
1	phototooling is quick and inexpensive to produce.
1	the other is the northwest accreditation commission.
1	two dance studios and a recording studio.
1	it became a dependent of dunfermline abbey.
1	p. semenowi is an obligate social parasite.
1	stone county also contains one private airfield.
1	other details of the finder are unclear.
1	icrc workshop on international humanitarian law (ihl).
1	he gained his seat from the conservatives.
1	it was abolished on 1 february 2013.
1	a third conflict broke out in 1919.
1	he was released on august 24 2021.
1	their divorce was finalized in january 2014.
1	for services to the british music industry.
1	tension between them greatly hurt his campaign.
1	the airport had a succession of owners.
1	the pittsworth sentinel was sold in 2020.
1	he was educated at ramsey grammar school.
1	b92 is a simpler version of bb84.
1	provides the foundation for voluntary exchange theory.
1	in posix-compliant operating systems the header math.
1	william died in greenwich aged 74 years.
1	three vehicles were burned in the attack.
1	the church was opened 12 december 1909.
1	pius iv relied heavily on his advice.
1	the store closed on november 23 2019.
1	there are approximately 100 graduates per year.
1	neighbouring settlements include lala seowal and lohan.
1	it was released on november 27 2015.
1	someone just dimmed the magic a bit.
1	he was even in the editing room.
1	he began his military career in 1470.
1	emeritus professor of psychiatry university of oxford.
1	there are six districts in the province.
1	keppler returned to newport on 21 december.
1	ambassador motorcycles is a british motorcycle manufacturer.
1	for these reasons he opposes prerendered cutscenes.
1	also mahesh is killed in this process.
1	he is the captain of the crew.
1	the shorts and socks were both white.
1	dr. jide asks vanessa to marry him.
1	for services to disadvantaged communities in london.
1	tracks 16-18 are previously unreleased bonus tracks.
1	partial credits adapted from drake's personal notebook.
1	he was re-signed on october 16 2018.
1	there are 24 episodes in this season.
1	stats reflect time with the riveters only.
1	studies in central and east asian religions.
1	for his merits he was multiple awarded.
1	disturbance in the here and now (reprise).
1	for services to research on particle physics.
1	the rm's office is located in tisdale.
1	in 2017 the commune had 488 inhabitants.
1	none of these were replaced after retirement.
1	baxter and galt were divorced in 1969.
1	isabella died at the age of 32.
1	sister city relationship established with suwa japan.
1	he received three of four possible votes.
1	this eventually leads to jason being murdered.
1	irving layton dance with desire: love poems.
1	there are three hypothesis's regarding this site.
1	the fruit is a glossy black nut.
1	sister city relationship established with stuttgart germany.
1	towns in belessa included arbaya and hamusit.
1	us-69 provides several interchanges for lake access.
1	safety and emissions requirements added further costs.
1	christmas girl love versus dream happily secret!
1	the population was 69 as of 2010.
1	agranulocytosis is an acute form of neutropenia.
1	in 1876 they both stayed in venice.
1	for services to flood defence in wales.
1	an annotated translation of tshangs-dbyangs rgya-mtsho'i mgul-glu.
1	they departed america on september 11 1768.
1	she was affectionately known as yoga grandma.
1	he then decides to go to jammalee's.
1	the section supported the forces occupying germany.
1	this species often raises a second brood.
1	a critic from the entertainment portal chennaionline.
1	the album was certified million by riaj.
1	brandon featured in round 15 (sheffield eagles).
1	the district headquarters is located at samastipur.
1	he was promoted to professor in 2005.
1	he was cremated at golders green crematorium.
1	after the war perlasca returned to italy.
1	a little wet but never a problem.
1	as such there is no associated lyric.
1	since 1969 he started his coaching career.
1	he has served as president ever since.
1	i thought they did an amazing job.
1	there were a total of 28 robots.
1	she operates the oscar v primavera pantera.
1	palasia is known as an education hub.
1	palasia has an indore brt (ibus) station.
1	hate week is celebrated in late summer.
1	her career faded in the early 1960s.
1	sugar gliders are a frequent prey item.
1	this survey was named the transpeninsular line.
1	others were more tempered in their praise.
1	this item is assessed as historically rare.
1	the village has a population of 30.
1	the anangan hills has an ecotourism centre.
1	bogen jules irwin and robert hiester montgomery.
1	the land is now unallocated crown land.
1	he exited the county scene in 2003.
1	it took place on 28 january 1957.
1	he represented new zealand in rugby league.
1	in 2013 there were 10 unanimous all-americans.
1	he was sentenced to transportation for life.
1	their production declined in the 6th century.
1	hispanic seminary of medieval studies madison 1987.
1	bache-wiig died in 1971 aged 76 years.
1	the league ceased operations in april 2019.
1	james harold seawright constable queensland police force.
1	he made eight appearances for his country.
1	jeffrey jackson sold manship to j. annen.
1	the mutawintji road passes through the parish.
1	he comforts and even sleeps with sienna.
1	an expanding money economy encouraged social mobility.
1	the city council eventually rejected the proposal.
1	the first gymnasium director was valery salem.
1	fellow in electrical metrology national physical laboratory.
1	in total 237 bridges would be built.
1	in his spare time montgomery learned law.
1	in 2014 kletskov played for neftchi farg'ona.
1	there were 18 households within the village.
1	he attended schools in iowa city iowa.
1	glenn's theories appeared as josie's she said.
1	the mountain itself protects the east side.
1	he also spent some time in paris.
1	he lived at dovenby hall in cockermouth.
1	trees were felled and hurdles put up.
1	the kanazawa han coupled this with decapitation.
1	it was shot on location in yugoslavia.
1	in later years it became more conservative.
1	he died of heart disease in 1999.
1	tae-hee is a korean unisex given name.
1	for services to financial services during covid-19.
1	the mill burnt down in november 1956.
1	kareela and kubu lasted through to 1959.
1	the new president reagan did not hesitate.
1	gemberling's full name was grace thorp gemberling.
1	verschuren k. x. nibbeling and l. grandin.
1	with his morale deflated zhu quanzhong withdrew.
1	that painting currently hangs in the louvre.
1	this arrangement did not always function well.
1	he posed for photos with other coworkers.
1	this reputation persisted throughout the puritan era.
1	it is generally dependent on public funding.
1	they had nine sons and two daughters.
1	he was a lawyer in private practice.
1	these farms have grown into renowned wineries.
1	see more in shrishti art gallery india.
1	since then eleven episodes have been released.
1	grinner have a decidedly more cyberpunk appearance.
1	it held up to 195 women inmates.
1	it later took the name euforum holding.
1	he is only playable in challenge missions.
1	the harold formation preserves cenozoic era fossils.
1	it was described by gahan in 1893.
1	it is left to develop into fruit.
1	it was discontinued on october 15 1943.
1	national art museum of china beijing china.
1	elizabeth balogun is a nigerian basketball player.
1	the club plays in the thailand league.
1	its members (zhengzhiju changwei) are strictly ranked.
1	the train service is operated by arriva.
1	this unit was first established in 1907.
1	he later married but died without issue.
1	he earned substantial profits with this scam.
1	he was unmarried and had no children.
1	evbagharu became a u.s. citizen in 2005.
1	the same year he moved to lambach.
1	no single test can confirm a diagnosis.
1	puck is destroyed moments later by magneto.
1	the length of the forewings is 7-9.
1	winners include mihail andricu and sergiu natra.
1	first she taught english at northfield seminary.
1	it was hit by the 2004 tsunami.
1	phoned bert about their mother elsie's death.
1	time described him as a fundamentalist christian.
1	gay latino americans similarly face racial stigmatization.
1	supa estonia a village in southern estonia.
1	the estimated stoiip was 397 million barrels.
1	it has been reported to produce sterigmatocystin.
1	this led burton's supporters to physically retaliate.
1	she was again repaired at le havre.
1	he was released on september 1 2020.
1	in 2013 roush fenway began to struggle.
1	the artist lives and works in berlin.
1	it is currently the most common type.
1	in 1916 the new building was completed.
1	sister city agreement established with anshan china.
1	he died in los angeles in 1947.
1	aperture narrow to broad usually wider anteriorly.
1	thin only thick only and both layers.
1	in march 1976 she was renamed armorique.
1	he could put his hand to anything.
1	the grand dragon lived down near me.
1	brandes compared kierkegaard to nietzsche as well.
1	i strongly suspect leakage thro' the secy.
1	ferster grew up in newark and rahway.
1	dan whitehead called it an amateurish mess.
1	the assassination was widely publicized across europe.
1	his letters often bore quotes from tukaram.
1	it is the only wadsworth township statewide.
1	he won the bout via unanimous decision.
1	it is a return to medieval times.
1	mycosphaerella juglandis is a fungal plant pathogen.
1	tuhkimo finds the lake and he waits.
1	abc canceled the series after one season.
1	its native range is southern tropical america.
1	on september 3 2011 he was released.
1	the sssi was first notified in 1977.
1	for further examples see the format documentation.
1	a. pardalis is threatened by habitat loss.
1	weapon when fired using a roller hammer.
1	cetaceans have lungs meaning they breathe air.
1	kierkegaard's father's name was michael pedersen kierkegaard.
1	lt. john paterson wood scottish rifles attd.
1	another half was exported mainly to japan.
1	raff was born in lachen in switzerland.
1	it is found in steppes and deserts.
1	in february 2012 kory clarke left trouble.
1	her father works as a general practitioner.
1	its highest point is the 1,183-metre-high baiza.
1	a peace treaty was signed in 1836.
1	his paternal grandfather was merchant charles mcevers.
1	events from the year 1696 in ireland.
1	noah sends guards but in insufficient numbers.
1	winner of the 2010 betty trask prize.
1	in the anime he is a duke.
1	portillo was left to finish the film.
1	he usually lined out as a forward.
1	kagatsume station opened on 10 may 1925.
1	a gtk version was also under development.
1	the club was presided by robin leproux.
1	the fabyan trestle bridge crosses the river.
1	for example the post-soviet republic of azerbaijan.
1	previously the company has discontinued china yahoo!
1	he played there in 2008 and 2009.
1	symphony no. 3 in f major op.
1	the leopoldville sank about two hours later.
1	van tomme or vantomme is a surname.
1	its natural habitats are moist montane forests.
1	christine dzidrums is an american children's author.
1	towns in jikawo include nginngang and telut.
1	civitas foundation was founded in october 1992.
1	the rampage joined the higher professional league.
1	mr maurice cromwell (portrayed by noel howlett).
1	gallogley was born in larkhall south lanarkshire.
1	irene f. whittome is a multimedia artist.
1	the carpark opened on 13 january 2014.
1	the tradition of tuba production however remained.
1	there are 7 villages and 54 settlements.
1	beasley is the mother of three sons.
1	symphony no. 8 in a major op.
1	he lost the fight by unanimous decision.
1	total probable cases (antigen positive) are 15,917.
1	discovery channel radio (xm161) discovery channel programming.
1	the team's colors are red and blue.
1	it now operates as an independent subsidiary.
1	dozens of student protesters were subsequently killed.
1	bishop also discussed his current treatment regimen.
1	eva marie veigel was born in vienna.
1	cazares and herrera wrote all the music.
1	the network was shut down in 2004.
1	it was released on 14 january 1970.
1	maryland) and representative john ensign (r-1st dist.
1	baskerville loses his face and leaves there.
1	a high-ranking member of the glutton empire.
1	both variants were finally retired by 1948.
1	sarah gives him some of her earnings.
1	total prizemoney for the race is a$160,000.
1	he even managed to establish gorge town.
1	also seen in south-east asia and india.
1	the catholic schools remain as faith schools.
1	he immediately resumed his journey in germany.
1	tynes designed puppetland (1999) for hogshead publishing.
1	this marked the end of his career.
1	the second episode aired 25 december 1963.
1	no thou shalt first seek god's kingdom.
1	it does better in generally cooler climates.
1	the assembly drew up the 1949 constitution.
1	it was described by fisher in 1932.
1	this arrangement is known as stage mounting.
1	this also addresses concerns about muting circuits.
1	delaney supports the policy of net neutrality.
1	replacements bill te whata and len mason.
1	the village has a population of 188.
1	located at 2010 william j day blvd.
1	it was written by laurence d. finston.
1	all numbers are from 1 january 2020.
1	edwin (d. 1071) later earl of mercia.
1	the origin of the lepcha is unknown.
1	they inhabit high-elevation forests with high humidity.
1	several cardinals players grew beards as well.
1	again the phillies lost in four games.
1	the big top a private parties facility.
1	preston lost the fight by unanimous decision.
1	it sold over 700,000 copies in total.
1	kanhopatra took refuge in the vithoba temple.
1	mas'ud was then executed by the latter.
1	support for dwg and other autocad formats.
1	in august toba capital led a us$6.
1	karim bennoui fought in muaythai and kickboxing.
1	he is interred there in washington cemetery.
1	he graduated from the university of vienna.
1	it is known from belize and mexico.
1	the track was nominated for a kerrang!
1	loyalist returned to the west indies trade.
1	trimmer and her husband had twelve children.
1	the village has a population of 176.
1	the novel has received generally positive reviews.
1	dci peter kennett led the initial inquiry.
1	the attorney general heads the independent judiciary.
1	charlie is unjustly blamed for the murder.
1	he is a disciple of nie weiping.
1	its diet consists of fruits and insects.
1	selenaphenol is prepared by reduction of diphenyldiselenide.
1	studios leavesden in england concluding in july.
1	in 1970 he joined ksan (jive 95).
1	katibat sayfulla is part of jabhat al-nusra.
1	eggs float on top of the water.
1	the front of the house faces north.
1	they later sold the company to westinghouse.
1	the canal was finally abandoned in 1935.
1	she was eventually revealed as a hoax.
1	the trust also sold off additional lands.
1	extensive lightning activity occurs during this season.
1	the team is owned by huya inc.
1	the headquarters was monitored by the police.
1	bobet finished third winning the mountain competition.
1	the division is part of 3rd corps.
1	kelly r.m. thomas speed and alfred pirtle.
1	on 30 june he withdrew his candidacy.
1	he has a son and two daughters.
1	on that occasion he named 24 cardinals.
1	he has four children and four grandchildren.
1	the school badge displays the date 1642.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	he said we're just finishing the vocals.
1	he died in austin texas in 2013.
1	in the international handbook of underwater archaeology.
1	co-edited with douglas scott and charles haecker.
1	st edmund's church has four sunday masses.
1	since 1958 gitis educational theater was opened.
1	huang became a singapore citizen in 2010.
1	it had a sex ratio of 897.
1	ligist lies in the west styrian foothills.
1	in sundanese it is known as honje.
1	his second wife was adeliza of louvain.
1	the dos code page switching file necpinw.
1	northernmost is imelin island long by wide.
1	later hakeswill encounters teresa in a stable.
1	the trilogy concerns the art of divination.
1	a draw would be conducted if necessary.
1	it started full operation on 17 december.
1	proc 5th international symposium on earthworm ecology.
1	malibu comics published twin series in 1995.
1	i loved putting on my top hat.
1	ross cowan roman conquests: italy (barnsley 2009).
1	miller was born in new york city.
1	her work has received three olivier awards.
1	on april 10 2010 a fire occurred.
1	the area has marked trails for ramblers.
1	he ended in a tie for 10th.
1	she also owned and raced thoroughbred horses.
1	the family includes several important index fossils.
1	waller also tried to avoid gratuitous gore.
1	the brewery offers tours to the public.
1	substantially used by ships especially military warships.
1	stats reflect time with the predators only.
1	this is however far from the case.
1	daro-daro represents males and naitaro represents females.
1	see the indexers website for an example.
1	new zealand were coached by charlie pearce.
1	many telomerizations are used in industrial chemistry.
1	at club level logue plays with ballingarry.
1	the single also appeared on international charts.
1	the species is native to southern africa.
1	he brought the benedictine rule to condat.
1	picks come in many shapes and sizes.
1	kernell pleaded not guilty to all counts.
1	nelson with notes by sir n.h. nicolas.
1	the manuscript disappeared from her publisher's office.
1	mike christie was born in redhill surrey.
1	it later inspired a hot wheels car.
1	franklin canyon park was used for filming.
1	benedict also took part in the ceremony.
1	he served on the commission until 2012.
1	brand new planet was founded in 2003.
1	in 1959 day married lorna rosemary taylor.
1	it first aired on november 13 1997.
1	he received the ecclesiastical tonsure in 1821.
1	jeton neziraj is a playwright from kosovo.
1	drums in the deep south (1951) cpl.
1	in 1972 steve met singer lou reed.
1	each club played the other three once.
1	the population was 26 as of 2002.
1	the x-90 was also imported into europe.
1	ecological models can be deterministic or stochastic.
1	this incident is confirmed through video evidence.
1	both semi-final losers were awarded bronze medals.
1	team mate ron haslam had also crashed.
1	it is most closely related to marwari.
1	he was succeeded by p. u. ratnatunga.
1	a comprehensive grammar of the english language.
1	flowers mostly appear from june to september.
1	he was waived on july 28 2017.
1	esteban israel ahead reuters december 15 2008.
1	i mean i grew up poor too.
1	she arrived in rio on november 5.
1	it was described by zerny in 1914.
1	hellen murshali was a south sudanese politician.
1	his uncle was zoologist daniel giraud elliot.
1	it was released on june 22 2010.
1	lange was paid four dollars a day.
1	the army is organized into ten divisions.
1	in 1975 the station building was demolished.
1	in any case the roads were blocked.
1	the hotel was opened in june 1957.
1	this is illustrated in the following example.
1	he is now a citizen of austria.
1	for realism she used superglue over prosthetics.
1	lovejoy 1991 fremantle media series 3 ep.
1	it was renamed bruneau by maxime maziers.
1	the roof was constructed with welsh slate.
1	the population was 23 as of 2018.
1	the children were safely landed at weymouth.
1	edge interfered performing a spear on hardy.
1	it was previously owned by gma network.
1	burns thomas j. and edward n. coffman.
1	thereafter forman's political career went into decline.
1	sharoni was born in romania in 1961.
1	there are also five previously unpublished stories.
1	he played college football at kansas state.
1	in what if mystique had raised nightcrawler?
1	first day of izumo-taisha shrine grand festival.
1	franklin at lisbon portugal 9 january 1876.
1	beyond the christian master narrative of love.
1	events in the year 1967 in israel.
1	the value of each award is $15,000.
1	fanshawe joined the royal navy in 1828.
1	he was soon a successful runway model.
1	and invariably it takes a long time.
1	a total lunar eclipse on july 6.
1	an annular solar eclipse on may 30.
1	he's very good and he beat me.
1	it is connected by the d32 highway.
1	he was commissioned in the royal engineers.
1	she was divided into 214 watertight compartments.
1	glover's second wife died in november 1929.
1	wasit university was established in january 2003.
1	with jerrold e. marsden and tudor ratiu.
1	as of 2015 egan lives in perth.
1	ed. robert harvey and mark s. roberts.
1	cindy morales also served as interim principal.
1	its ruler is known as the ntembe.
1	undated medal (1563) for michelangelo's 88th birthday.
1	neither of these proposals was carried forward.
1	a partial solar eclipse on january 25.
1	the collar is diffeomorphic to an annulus.
1	harpist franz stockhausen marries soprano margarethe schmuck.
1	kansan uutiset has its headquarters in helsinki.
1	failure to win donated $10 per point.
1	william henderson painter architect and furniture designer.
1	microcephaly is a type of cephalic disorder.
1	it can be used with elaborating instruments.
1	the family returned to winnipeg in 1976.
1	wood will not dry when completely enclosed.
1	in hispania he was made a count.
1	the river raisin flows through the village.
1	aisb is now a microsoft showcase school.
1	journal of field archaeology 33 (4): 389-411.
1	events from the year 1762 in ireland.
1	ivan rilski university of mining and geology.
1	only sasquatch was confirmed to have survived.
1	round stacks can be made many ways.
1	roosma and his wife had seven grandchildren.
1	hardcover paperback kindle and other e-book editions.
1	psychology public policy and law 20 46-67.
1	he plays hummel's piano concerto no. 2.
1	the film stars v. ravichandran and nagma.
1	other nearby villages are bental and benipur.
1	the village has a population of 135.
1	osman also represented his country 11 times.
1	of course his remarks have several flaws.
1	the ncaap(sic) is not a racist organization.
1	its seat is in the like-named town.
1	the highest recorded temperature was in 2003.
1	christina bonnington reviewed the headband for wired.
1	its main tributary is the kubr (left).
1	this was a combination which delighted me.
1	the airport is situated above sea level.
1	the average household size was 3.2 people.
1	no municipalities are located in washington township.
1	television started its broadcasting at christmas 2015.
1	the charge was not filled until 1699.
1	the people vote and amlici is unsuccessful.
1	bonin then sent munro to purchase burgers.
1	there he supervised 22 hours of programming.
1	the chief of police is joseph gomez.
1	they gained great importance especially in florida.
1	during his imprisonment ortega was severely tortured.
1	akkas is a surname and given name.
1	henceforth he was styled as the rt.
1	a bus company also serves the community.
1	she lost the fight by split decision.
1	a 1957 public hearing drew 100 protesters.
1	howard wrote three complete kirby o'donnell stories.
1	his brother nigel also played for psv.
1	she was a business executive by career.
1	the fpi boycotted the 1995 presidential election.
1	captain alexander montgomerie replaced black in 1815.
1	the event was won by jacob murey.
1	the pairing was moved to this event.
1	he has four daughters and one son.
1	no other itv regions broadcast the series.
1	d. advisor was dr. margaret w. conkey.
1	the snout is moderately long and truncate.
1	it was released on november 13 2013.
1	the final was played on 7 november.
1	whishaw describes the plant in some detail.
1	this layer consists of mainly hippopotamus melitensis.
1	they also had short and robust limbs.
1	the bark is mostly removed then dried.
1	academy award winner ben kingsley narrated millennium.
1	the pteropodinae are a subfamily of megabats.
1	she arrived as the haitian revolution raged.
1	the forelimbs are moderately long and slender.
1	the term system is also commonly used.
1	antorides was a painter of ancient greece.
1	it is a subsidiary of recruit co.
1	transitions that are not independent are dependent.
1	evans i thornton h chalmers i. care.
1	whitebait and freshwater bivalves are also present.
1	occupations listed in 1890 included thirty-seven farmers.
1	the population was 13 as of 2002.
1	however on march 19 1823 iturbide abdicated.
1	the sheath is coloured dark chocolate brown.
1	the total duration is approximately ten minutes.
1	derby is married to veterinarian steven talbot.
1	it was designed by fred j. james.
1	the village has a population of 100.
1	it was first found on epinephelus quoyanus.
1	fossil ridge currently has an afjrotc program.
1	in march 1951 lee married frances pollack.
1	amriswil is home to the bibliothek-ludothek library.
1	three species of hallucigenia have been described.
1	in 1912 he signed the ulster covenant.
1	his 2005 season was almost as successful.
1	star castle is now a 4-star hotel.
1	for comparison 10 lines functioned in 1970.
1	the book is packed with rapid incident.
1	alternatively the tiger can capture a goat.
1	anoush remains in the repertoire in armenia.
1	their petitions were denied by the court.
1	she has guest-edited one issue of l'officiel.
1	her final two books were published posthumously.
1	there is usually a 15-minute half-time break.
1	it contains many sculptures and interesting features.
1	the village has a population of 216.
1	pr7 aldeias e margens do rio ovelha.
1	a british exodus from darjeeling quickly followed.
1	today pakistan is divided into 4 provinces.
1	five expansion teams formed the eastern division.
1	in 2010 he moved to austria klagenfurt.
1	the book of oa is now restored.
1	new empire theatre was one of them.
1	he worked even on his dying day.
1	he was born in ponce puerto rico.
1	it also has the headquarters of torstar.
1	claude malcolm payne chairman coventry executive council.
1	blundell was born on 19 august 1916.
1	the oldest preserved building dates from 1918.
1	the village has a population of 50.
1	which is the very definition of irony.
1	merrie melodies cartoon directed by earl duvall.
1	he served there from 1892 to 1906.
1	simeoni is known for his maverick actions.
1	nathan altman died in leningrad aged 81.
1	by 1907 sir charles morrison-bell 1st bart.
1	john hambrough (1754-1831) was a wealthy landowner.
1	leicester was later played by maria ternan.
1	mutations are an important force driving evolution.
1	membership is concentrated primarily in the midwest.
1	it has ten rooms with lift ceilings.
1	ambroise boimbo subsequently worked as an electrician.
1	general eddy became cg of seventh army.
1	they had four daughters living in 1782.
1	pavel is summoned to tulchin and arrested.
1	for services to british interests in turkey.
1	hirschfeld appears in a cameo playing himself.
1	sally kellerman as lola: liz's eccentric neighbor.
1	it wasn't like a harry potter license.
1	the flowers of the plant are yellow.
1	she laid 3 wishes before the god.
1	anthropological and archaeological sciences 7 (4): 487-504.
1	at mit he was supervised by drs.
1	live oak is located at (39.274518 121.662003).
1	where are the costs in perioperative care?
1	the population was 98 as of 2018.
1	a total of almost 20,000 were manufactured.
1	the nominees were announced on september 22.
1	chemical status is rated good or fail.
1	bergen street was renovated in the 1990s.
1	external suppliers include russia iran and china.
1	legendre had returned to canada by 1946.
1	its county town was elbasan in albania.
1	it is found in the palearctic realm.
1	in may 2007 the magnet was renamed.
1	the volcanoes are formed by basaltic rocks.
1	the iris is copper or occasionally gold.
1	the recipients does not receive any title.
1	a well-regarded tutorial helps with getting started.
1	attempts by the local bishops remained fruitless.
1	she is interred at arlington national cemetery.
1	it was described by gounelle in 1905.
1	this was a period of intense labour.
1	persson married actress shirley knight in 1959.
1	the national librarian is marie bernadette ntahorwamiye.
1	soni razdan as shobha verma arun's wife.
1	frederick the lord stanley of preston 1868.
1	pete stemkowski was the lead color commentator.
1	he moved to the latter in 2013.
1	it was described by brancsik in 1897.
1	in 2010 the port handled 719,825 teu.
1	d. in theology from serampore college calcutta.
1	the style is long straight and glabrous.
1	ueber die stellung des weibes im judenthum.
1	charles smith topographer and apothecary (born 1715).
1	in 2001 aaron klebanoff proved boll's discovery.
1	the school organizes a bi-annual inter-school competition.
1	by 2016 she was an assistant sub-inspector.
1	the village has a population of 2,207.
1	he later served in the civil war.
1	heath returned to britain in february 1946.
1	he returned to american-held detroit by 1814.
1	the series is streaming online on youtube.
1	his preferred position was the half right.
1	she is an official ibanez guitar artist.
1	they are thus more suited to combat.
1	soon after her modelling offers increased tenfold.
1	dell died in los angeles in 1977.
1	the general election was held may 2.
1	the fbi announced the incident as terrorism-related.
1	squadron leader raymond charles ryan johnston (540983).
1	still among the largest yachts at long.
1	genetic mutations cause most cases of microcephaly.
1	a christian church was founded in 1884.
1	louise helena glover is an english model.
1	also in 1999 florida panther holdings inc.
1	however this process did not happen immediately.
1	in 1909 he was appointed metropolitan inspector.
1	houison began collecting stamps in about 1865.
1	this left her with no immediate relatives.
1	the city was prosperous needless to say.
1	it follows that testing equality is easy.
1	four major interstate highways surround the city.
1	often he suffered from chronic back pain.
1	after three surgeries the hemorrhage was halted.
1	her crew were rescued by hinrich freese.
1	two injuries are reported in the incident.
1	jagodina obtained city rights in december 2007.
1	it was held on 16 november 1968.
1	it was held on 24 june 1967.
1	wertz was a world war ii veteran.
1	he won the israel prize in 2007.
1	she left an estate valued at $60,000.
1	a reflection on the psychology of war.
1	the second degree charge was thereby dismissed.
1	he was educated in meerut uttar pradesh.
1	fonoff (foreign office) number one african expert.
1	donald ernest bragg director of audit lesotho.
1	borata is a town in southwestern lesotho.
1	mccormack was born in plainfield new jersey.
1	directorate of overseas surveys tolworth uk 1976.
1	there are many other rugby fives tournaments.
1	wcip clyde 93.7 fm with 3,800 watts.
1	washington was born on october 19 1946.
1	in january 2021 he signed for carrarese.
1	o'reilly began his career with raith rovers.
1	martin and riddle were re-elected in 1886.
1	c. r. gregory saw it in 1886.
1	it has grown into a national organization.
1	the allan family later settled in lyttelton.
1	many died and the rest were emaciated.
1	the album was eventually certified double platinum.
1	she was lost on 17 june 1918.
1	it was published on thursdays and sundays.
1	the homology groups with are all trivial.
1	they have two daughters laura and natalie.
1	these values do not include personal possessions.
1	espn also broadcasts a package of games.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	the village has a population of 94.
1	he was buried in mount hebron cemetery.
1	pope paschal died on 21 january 1118.
1	millard married mark uhlig in may 2001.
1	huddleston was educated at jesus college oxford.
1	it was described by young in 1942.
1	cowart has served as superintendent since 2010.
1	by 1771 violet had married marguerite becret.
1	the event had a wide international resonance.
1	drilling occurred in 1896 1897 and 1898.
1	the fight also forced hatton to retire.
1	penalties do not end a player's turn.
1	unfortunately for oswald his pockets are empty.
1	in 2010 some companies withdrew their applications.
1	it also contains organic compounds and water.
1	his will was probated april 15 1736.
1	it is covered with vertical tongue-and-groove sheathing.
1	on 14 april and captured st. rosalia.
1	symphony no. 2 petite symphonie joyeuse op.
1	in addition soils are thin and nutrient-poor.
1	the origin of this name is unknown.
1	he played college football at mississippi state.
1	however she did appear on the video.
1	both aircraft crashed killing all three men.
1	lee's show debuted on june 3 2013.
1	the base of the hindwings is fuscous.
1	writings as editor of nagamananda ashram magazine.
1	in practice however the outcome was different.
1	pat griffin 75 irish gaelic footballer (kerry).
1	the orchestra traveled mexico spain and china.
1	it caused an immediate sensation in london.
1	cochran was a friend of amelia earhart.
1	puerto rico qualified one athlete in equestrian.
1	the breakup leaves michael hurt and confused.
1	the name trix is from triple exponential.
1	this work won him the rabindra award.
1	rafter went on to win the tournament.
1	sant'erasmo (island) south end of the island.
1	events in the year 1847 in norway.
1	monomorphisms in ring are the injective homomorphisms.
1	it was established on september 18 1996.
1	this 2010 a new tradition was born.
1	creation of the duke of goa title.
1	he was educated at huntington school york.
1	he just felt so real to me.
1	her first pairs coach was luan bo.
1	the frgc distribution consists of six experiments.
1	the movement eventually grew into stockholm pride.
1	she was decommissioned on 30 april 2002.
1	television to distribute cartoon network warner bros.
1	he also played for the cleveland browns.
1	first aired on thursday 16 june 2011.
1	the vcd section contains several video clips.
1	they also inflate achievements in some areas.
1	satoshi isshiki a character in food wars!
1	they converted to that designation in 2007.
1	she was renamed 'uss wicomico in 1918.
1	gao min's servant later li xiuyu's servant.
1	no mention was made of any symphony.
1	the promontory fort is a scheduled item.
1	such alkenes are enol ethers and enamines.
1	the club folded on june 30 2008.
1	track was laid from 2011 to 2012.
1	he announced his retirement on august 18.
1	ice hockey was added in winter 1940.
1	in 1940 the nazis invade the netherlands.
1	these facilities were operated by transport canada.
1	her father died by suicide in 1911.
1	it also hosts a stock market simulator.
1	keighley's main rivals are nearby bradford bulls.
1	many are open 24 hours a day.
1	sita is embraced by atri's wife anasuya.
1	published in 1879 a history of indiana.
1	highway no.213 goes to palakkad and kozhikode.
1	its first version was released in 1993.
1	he was sometimes billed as richard holt.
1	finnish and swedish are both official languages.
1	it finally was concluded on june 19.
1	marker buoy for retrieval from the water.
1	let us make this statement more precise.
1	later he attended beekvliet seminary in sint-michielsgestel.
1	no overtakes are made at the front.
1	it was built from 1878 to 1980s.
1	all other teams remained in group iii.
1	events from the year 1722 in denmark.
1	the guild documented the art of passementerie.
1	teacher at the high school of advocacy.
1	the village has a population of 617.
1	it is known from borneo and malaysia.
1	his research considers diabetes and public health.
1	this became part of psuv in 2007.
1	kamal sharma 49 indian politician heart attack.
1	the deacon process is now outdated technology.
1	to the west is the spessart hochstrasse.
1	it was described by rebel in 1899.
1	church of sant'antonino with a 12th-century crypt.
1	the film would earn $151.5 million worldwide.
1	not all movement has promoted democracy however.
1	it was preferred 80% of the time.
1	no muster rolls have ever been located.
1	la monte young american composer and musician.
1	she is married to anthony e. catania.
1	in 1880 feilden settled in wells-next-the-sea norfolk.
1	squadron entered belgium on 28 december 1944.
1	he is socially committed to immersive art.
1	aquino's apology drew criticisms from numerous politicians.
1	his platform is centered around the impoverished.
1	the violinist julia fischer lives in gauting.
1	the pronotum has slightly protruding hind corners.
1	the fixed-gear movement is growing in sweden.
1	this is one of gloggnitz's oldest buildings.
1	the company was renamed alibaba pictures group.
1	ce precursor proteins are cross-linked by transglutaminases.
1	she is the mother of two children.
1	during filming sarandon fell ill with pneumonia.
1	the competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament.
1	the missionary oblate sisters: vision and mission.
1	the republican party was biracial in membership.
1	the arts and theater and architecture flourished.
1	individual states continue to battle with homophobia.
1	the company's headquarters moved to seagoville texas.
1	his younger brother andrew played for connacht.
1	this can also be caused by over-eating.
1	i think that's sort of the point.
1	buzz emick 75 american attorney and politician.
1	this stage lies between embryogenesis and birth.
1	you bet your sweet ass we are!
1	some of the layers contain hydrated minerals.
1	the group was led by christian bouchet.
1	the place name beagingas means beagas people.
1	allison j. doupe 60 canadian neuroscientist cancer.
1	all of them are small international airports.
1	the national highway passes through taliparamba town.
1	thomas houseago is a british contemporary artist.
1	reviews of the show were largely positive.
1	on 2 may 2013 aldershot entered administration.
1	banks j karjalainen h propper c (2020).
1	events in the year 1972 in turkey.
1	both are served by the munich s-bahn.
1	in 2011 he was signed by pavia.
1	i was disappointed by its reception here.
1	numerous cultivars have been selected and named.
1	lenin moved the national capital to moscow.
1	duane and norah live in hendersonville tennessee.
1	an annular solar eclipse on 2 october.
1	emmanuel adama mahama was a ghanaian politician.
1	svayambhuva manu had shatarupa as his wife.
1	united's next game was against archrivals liverpool.
1	matt bailey is a competition team coach.
1	enlisted in the australian army in 1974.
1	in his spare time malling plays tennis.
1	therefore amongrogo decided to continue his journey.
1	this visit caused joy in the family.
1	the second edition was released in 2014.
1	after a short time miss lamont departed.
1	he was arrested on january 31 2012.
1	her murder remained unsolved until august 2000.
1	the supraoccipital sits anterior to the paraoccipital.
1	the league will commences 28 march 2020.
1	adults are found in fringing coral reefs.
1	the population was 965 as of 2018.
1	el lebrel del cielo de francis thompson.
1	it was unveiled on 6 september 1913.
1	this enzyme is also called pyridine methyltransferase.
1	events from the year 1992 in jordan.
1	juliette reilly (born 1993) singer-songwriter and youtuber.
1	i tawt i taw a puddy tat!
1	it is a geological conservation review site.
1	the first is the frgc data set.
1	shuttle buses operated from dresden and usedom.
1	victor later drives away from the restaurant.
1	it is about away from the shore.
1	plus one got together as a quintet.
1	st elevation may indicate transmural myocardial infarction.
1	it's about a girl and her father.
1	the fourth leg took place across oceania.
1	it was described by vives in 2004.
1	this documentary was broadcast in october 2010.
1	charter flights are available from hernesaari heliport.
1	he is also the director of thesikhs.
1	honourary doctorates from lviv and chernivtsi universities.
1	tos comes from the well-known chirathivat clan.
1	this was in the interests of responsibility.
1	the series is produced by thunderbird entertainment.
1	the electrons are attracted to the anode.
1	the prime minister's ratings were immediately restored.
1	the couple moved to san jose california.
1	its style is somewhat bald and severe.
1	he studied at oxford university and lamda.
1	the first prototypes were tested in 1979.
1	they reached the postseason on four occasions.
1	only a few bacteria are fully lithoheterotrophic.
1	the unit is surrounded by a magnet.
1	pedoturbation includes churning clays cryoturbation and bioturbation.
1	he provided voiceover on tracks for djs.
1	oxford university press 1976 1986 1997 2005.
1	he and karl move before clara's visit.
1	j. bellas i. chaer s.a. tassou (2002).
1	his principal works are against the jansenists.
1	the cc was not a permanent institution.
1	a fourth shamrock bowl appearance was secured.
1	it flows into the holzminde in holzminden.
1	total normal is a german television series.
1	the british expeditionary force arrived in france.
1	johnson lost his first ibf title defense.
1	its native range is south african republic.
1	he writes both in urdu and punjabi.
1	in march 2019 grainge received a pttow!
1	until 1991 kosovo was part of yugoslavia.
1	mar 3 2014 the 27th entrance ceremony.
1	it is known from france and germany.
1	squibb converted to judaism in the 1950s.
1	it is found in colombia and ecuador.
1	he was the fourth of their children.
1	each player begins their turn by drawing.
1	king ceasor university is a multi-campus university.
1	in 1970 she was appointed youth minister.
1	it is found in ethiopia and uganda.
1	coryton refinery ceased production in june 2012.
1	the river blaise flows through the commune.
1	dora and mrs terrence are also present.
1	the 21st missouri regiment infantry veteran volunteers.
1	in 1946 kcvr signed on the air.
1	especially if you don't come from money.
1	marvin mused we lost out both ways.
1	s1 is associated with ankle plantar flexors.
1	it is known as his slavonian symphony.
1	camels have toes with hoof like toenails.
1	the taung base a company group base.
1	steinberg describes himself as 'a left-of-centre moderate'.
1	minnesota valley transit authority: 480 484 489.
1	the building itself was demolished in 2007.
1	even today old folks use moothedathu parambu.
1	farzin has two children arash and atie.
1	cedric responded sure she can change it.
1	memorials erected by other groups or individuals.
1	he is buried at arlington national cemetery.
1	he was buried in his native ovsyanka.
1	combats ranged from budapest into southern slovakia.
1	the series is distributed by mit press.
1	sakr joined nejmeh on 1 october 2005.
1	she argues with him to no avail.
1	others however continued to decry wollstonecraft's lifestyle.
1	han qionghua's servant later lady li's servant.
1	manganese chromium copper and bauxite are mined.
1	no-nonsense doctor who does not accept bribes.
1	emma i became and emma i stayed.
1	the divorce was settled in late-september 2012.
1	chowdhury joined the bangladesh police in 1979.
1	yao weiping as lian po a general.
1	the aw119 is a single-engine multirole helicopter.
1	all lyrics are in the norwegian language.
1	aparri is politically subdivided into 42 barangays.
1	the edibility of the mushroom is unknown.
1	he asks ardaric and valamir for advice.
1	pratapbhanu gives chase deeper into the forest.
1	astafyev's last years were not happy ones.
1	hillevi rombin lived in los angeles ca.
1	this measure would begin at 8 p.m.
1	however after a period rhodes was institutionalised.
1	he was a teacher of hirofumi uzawa.
1	vrs (ovag) linie 333 to engelskirchen bf.
1	it was described by gilmour in 1948.
1	in reports of explorations and surveys 1854.
1	the americans did not anticipate heavy action.
1	the philco brand name appeared in 1919.
1	antennae bipectinated with short branches in male.
1	studio work was completed at ealing studios.
1	menegatti is a surname of italian origin.
1	the trophy was presented by bamber gascoigne.
1	in 2013 he was banned for doping.
1	skinny women were not being allowed in.
1	the very long tail is deeply forked.
1	he married lucy jean whitesides in 1950.
1	his spouse is fellow wrestler geeta phogat.
1	the radioactive cloud formed headed due east.
1	on september 1 1939 germany attacked poland.
1	around 1,000 sami people live in helsinki.
1	investigations in subsistence archaeology and social complexity.
1	he became a psychiatrist and criminal mastermind.
1	consider the following test sequence of events.
1	deborah glass is the current victorian ombudsman.
1	these waves are known as third sound.
1	born in cameroon he represented germany internationally.
1	the actors' equity association is a co-founder.
1	they have 2 daughters emily and diana.
1	the broadcast included a new tongue-in-cheek opening.
1	in thailand it is the national animal.
1	mackelprang later experienced symptoms of radiation poisoning.
1	this meeting took place in january 1986.
1	he also founded the college of arms.
1	the film released on 12 november 2010.
1	the main festival observed here is shivaratri.
1	between 1934-1936 it was renovated and repaired.
1	other species are listed in the taxobox.
1	mixing engineer and digital editing: boris milan.
1	lately chief executive officer quartet community foundation.
1	daniel w. dobberpuhl 74 american electrical engineer.
1	she and kurt have a daughter bethany.
1	he was released on december 9 2017.
1	the protoconch is paucispiral with 1.5 whorls.
1	in 1547 he was mayor of salisbury.
1	seine mitglieder und seine geschichte seit 1743.
1	publius vergilius maro bucolics aeneid and georgics.
1	berch is married and has two children.
1	she graduated from the bulgarian film academy.
1	in chicago victims have car chased perpetrators.
1	she arrived at scilly on 26 may.
1	the depth of penetration differs between species.
1	the bbfcinsight was replaced with ratings info.
1	these strips ran continuously until may 1966.
1	wars are not won by partisans alone.
1	he was subsequently loaned to studentski centar.
1	portrait of a failure (1968) marie-jacqueline lancaster.
1	the rep protein is responsible for termination.
1	it was described by breuning in 1939.
1	jae-hyuk is a korean masculine given name.
1	what is a 21st century art museum?
1	the formula of the substance is sico4.
1	in korea white flowers are more common.
1	its brother fraternity is alpha gamma omega.
1	more depositions against her followed in june.
1	there is a bird on your head!
1	the film was shot in one day.
1	seigneurie wrote the short film alexander directed.
1	produced spots appear to be more common.
1	current (2011) chair of architecture at wsa.
1	cows and dogs are about the same.
1	barton w. stone published the christian messenger.
1	there he besieged it but was defeated.
1	azetbur likewise refuses to invade federation space.
1	the film was released in september 1905.
1	chance refuses and takes the drugs away.
1	two deaths were reported in the state.
1	following the elections both candidates claimed victory.
1	republished in 1870 with 14 additional poems.
1	the park lies within greater poland voivodeship.
1	he performs on both stage and screen.
1	howard was born and raised in texas.
1	the highway was first designated in 1926.
1	max borrows a cap from his brother.
1	garibaldi says he owes her for frank.
1	he has authored at least 14 works.
1	the show did not return in 2019.
1	he is married and has two daughters.
1	clearly wakefield had become a capable negotiator.
1	christopher cary tennant (born 25 april 1968).
1	in 2000 the chapel was completely renovated.
1	the sale consummated on november 8 1962.
1	the village has its own railway station.
1	he received a master's degree in 1906.
1	this species is a day flying moth.
1	the village of cereal alberta was established.
1	other notable genera include lycodapus and gymnelus.
1	he hit a single to kris bryant.
1	events from the year 1895 in denmark.
1	events from the year 1979 in michigan.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	events in the year 1981 in turkey.
1	a selected sonata for the piano forte.
1	net framework for building connected service-oriented applications.
1	promised land (na die geliefde land) tr.
1	a large number of rags are two-steps.
1	lieutenant colonel alasdair fortune lyon steele vr.
1	passengers must purchase tickets on board trains.
1	it prepares nations for membership in nato.
1	share of the brazilian economy: 2,04% (2010).
1	there are two parts to this chapter.
1	by railways teramo is connected with pescara.
1	the final tournament bracket is shown below.
1	dams were also built for irrigation purposes.
1	the village has a population of 790.
1	the village has a population of 1.
1	he represents the lokhit abhiyan political party.
1	at present he is pursuing his ph.
1	moritzberg is a mountain of bavaria germany.
1	they also worked in the independent circuit.
1	petitgout played college football at notre dame.
1	the latter opened a laundromat in 1964.
1	these problems are resolved by successful treatments.
1	terrebonne parish school district operates public schools.
1	lenti nicholas 300295 major and governor inf.
1	it operates the shimane nuclear power plant.
1	the usl is headquartered in tampa florida.
1	uk-specific and etsi variant protocols are supported.
1	the new district continues to favor republicans.
1	but other than that they're complete opposites.
1	they have been used for various purposes.
1	the only confirmed deliveries were to theresienstadt.
1	raffield ben neil price and mark collard.
1	commercially the song was an immediate success.
1	faison sought the dmocratic nomination for governor.
1	des voix parmi les ombres (verliesfontein) tr.
1	a hibachi is a type of brazier.
1	he named the script the singles ward.
1	maryvonne is a french feminine given name.
1	it is in our view of things.
1	they narrowly missed out on the playoffs.
1	the village has a population of 220.
1	he was a member of the kuomintang.
1	further he has a sense of humor.
1	individuals can grow to 5 feet tall.
1	the two set out into the wilderness.
1	evans was born in grand island nebraska.
1	the eyewall contracts because of inertial instability.
1	with this hope they depart for delhi.
1	a fast-paced romp from beginning to end.
1	the command (abbreviation c) creates a remark.
1	it has an elevation of 39 feet.
1	mow fung had been sued for occasions.
1	the poems are still in publication today.
1	republican jeffrey elmore won the open seat.
1	he is also known as govindadasa kaviraja.
1	this was released on 29 may 2020.
1	subclade c1e had a northern european origin.
1	the lake traverse saw many sugar shacks.
1	it also acquired xyka rezopia's service provider.
1	the research report is available in hardcase.
1	the fags have had it with oppression.
1	he was married to artist nan swid.
1	cashier's house has been restored in saunemin.
1	stores the ink of the ink cartridge.
1	he fought political corruption patronage and bossism.
1	found old bomber below mangorei hut somewhere.
1	george kline 93 american translator and philosopher.
1	ten players stood around a circular maze.
1	only part of the film survives today.
1	without diacritical marks it is spelled zielinski.
1	this station operates during the summer only.
1	chapiteau style louis xiv objectnr a 59275.
1	it is the national animal of laos.
1	events in the year 1839 in mexico.
1	fender never learned to play the instruments.
1	he studied at pontifical university of salamanca.
1	both of these functors have left adjoints.
1	initially his efforts were met with derision.
1	irate callers lit up the phone lines.
1	this law remains in effect until 1948.
1	type 202 is a general-purpose stainless steel.
1	the structure was completed in may 1939.
1	no other publications of caspar herber survive.
1	first version was approved for ceremonial purpose.
1	william married annie gibson in june 1837.
1	edward robertshaw hartley was also a member.
1	lake palestine is located to its east.
1	elizabeth forbes 90 british writer and musicologist.
1	xpeng's subsidiary in the united states xmotors.
1	she is buried in spring hill cemetery.
1	buia employed 600 people at this time.
1	the golden gate bridge remains standing initially.
1	poirot summons miss clegg to the inn.
1	this combination makes the structure extremely solid.
1	this chapter is divided into 30 verses.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	the power output was at 8500 rpm.
1	a client and a server were written.
1	there are also many other small factories.
1	within four takes the recording was done.
1	trask is the third longest-serving general superintendent.
1	after escaping the doctor reveals his plan.
1	shebengsky pogost is the nearest rural locality.
1	the area include two wide u-shaped valleys.
1	the cusps of outer marginals are simple.
1	conversely it made whites hysterical and paranoid.
1	it was not published in the us.
1	the two meet ursel and befriend her.
1	this was not confirmed by u.s. officials.
1	we had a great day,' she noted.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	not everyone was happy with her administration.
1	idiopterus is a genus of aphid insect.
1	he also played for the boston celtics.
1	his regular position was as a forward.
1	track 14 contains a hidden 15th track.
1	fabio maniscalco kosovo and metohija 1998-2000 (2000).
1	amphetamine a hong kong film is released.
1	the stonewall became home to these kids.
1	he is entombed in the stuttgart stiftskirche.
1	all issues are available online on openedition.
1	on her 10th birthday she measured tall.
1	the dorrington block 45 2nd street (yu203).
1	their clinical phenotype resembled nijmegen breakage syndrome.
1	johnson is a native of moscow idaho.
1	he had a breakout year in 2005.
1	politics nigeria was launched in august 2016.
1	this service terminates at london kings cross.
1	his hobbies include fishing hiking and astronomy.
1	its boundaries were created in may 1999.
1	the title is taken from matthew 27:46.
1	team ortiz regains control of the matchups.
1	he quickly decided to switch to composition.
1	in a 2020 research done by sportsshoes.
1	the village has a population of 1,500.
1	formerly this square was occupied by buildings.
1	some were also involved in american politics.
1	this likelihood was tripled by climate change.
1	he is always worried about the future.
1	his wife died in 1955 aged 75.
1	this album was also appreciated by critics.
1	when heated in air bismuth phosphide burns.
1	it was described by bates in 1884.
1	in 2017 it produced 354 thousand tons.
1	her aunt was the poet pita amor.
1	balsis has released 18 compact disc albums.
1	his flume clamp was patented in 1877.
1	soybean seed coat burp-domain protein 1 (scb1).
1	the ricasso often presents increased blade decoration.
1	they have a son and a daughter.
1	a history of chemistry new york: mcgraw-hill.
1	this was the version released outside japan.
1	hymn for the first presentation (quodlibet mongolicum).
1	it is the national day of estonia.
1	in march 2018 the account was deleted.
1	for services to the blind in uganda.
1	bap refers to the korean cooked rice.
1	the hips should be wide and round.
1	in december 2010 the project was closed.
1	the station is owned by townsquare media.
1	jean-antoine chaptal director of commerce supported him.
1	in 2009 otep signed with victory records.
1	a study by british consumer watchdog which?
1	however more of 'future' succeeds than flops.
1	he played college football at arizona state.
1	ancient egyptians worshipped snakes especially the cobra.
1	crocodiles are regularly spotted near the barrage.
1	the station opened on december 1 2011.
1	the 2017 event attracted approximately 5,000 people.
1	peter trotter 58 australian paralympic wheelchair racer.
1	this line carries lumber and scrap steel.
1	the deputies were assailed on all sides.
1	the series was hosted by tara slone.
1	some more recent studies got similar findings.
1	it was enlarged in 1882 and 1929.
1	the concept however was slow in developing.
1	carson did not seek re-election in 2006.
1	the village has a population of 220.
1	don't let the pigeon stay up late!
1	team ortiz gains control of the matchups.
1	the population was 52 as of 2010.
1	their only child thomas died aged six.
1	it took months before they had success.
1	but the faculty senate recommendations went unheeded.
1	however she has never written about this.
1	he played all five matches as forward.
1	the ceremony was broadcast live by ebc.
1	ladislav frej as dr. karel sova jr.
1	at the opening it contained 142 lots.
1	their scales are absent or very small.
1	he was born in chiojdeanca prahova county.
1	norman clarke 86 british physicist and politician.
1	in 2007 the 5.10 version was released.
1	he died between october 803 and 804.
1	this source of entity is always preserved.
1	the population was 579 as of 2002.
1	david heyman health protection agency united kingdom.
1	he won the bout via unanimous decision.
1	in half a minute they'll be here!
1	john was born in tokoroa new zealand.
1	economic output declined much more than expected.
1	messier 75 hst11628 10 08723 43-lasinh abr555b438log.
1	summer 2010 canadian invasion tour: remix collection.
1	chinniampalayam is a part of coimbatore city.
1	it is found in the cook islands.
1	the program is produced in bosnian language.
1	he is an exemplary administrator and pilot.
1	lamb was educated at rastrick grammar school.
1	at first the proposal was unfavourably received.
1	fepulea'i is from the village of saleaula.
1	the population was 233 as of 2002.
1	both versions have same compression ratio 18.3:1.
1	the former church was built in 1871.
1	overholt was vice president of the company.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	the capital was defended by 400 cannons.
1	he arrived there on 13 june 1945.
1	lastman's comments caused immense controversy in toronto.
1	making cold-pressed juice is a two-step process.
1	he was assisted by richard lovell edgeworth.
1	much of mari mythology is mythologised history.
1	it can be visited in guided tours.
1	many tourists attend the event every year.
1	it gave germany control of eastern europe.
1	philip b. meggs 60 american graphic designer.
1	it is sometimes described as understanding misunderstanding.
1	there are 3 people who speak italian.
1	a skull (with brain) for a paperweight.
1	they designed acoustic weir in cambridge massachusetts.
1	unfortunately isadora catches them and is dismayed.
1	this is a mesoscopic level of investigation.
1	translation from the hebrew book of 1984.
1	the channel closed on 20 july 2020.
1	critical reception for funhouse has been negative.
1	hatfield ran unopposed for the democratic primary.
1	the coverage spans the 1940s to 1962.
1	it was inaugurated on 21 august 1997.
1	formerly mtv r until 1 march 2010.
1	harry h. goode memorial award ieee 2017.
1	he won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	he left the role in july 2022.
1	the ship hit shoals northwest of manila.
1	roughly 53% of study participants were women.
1	her sister fannie sparkes became a missionary.
1	she was lost at sea in 1835.
1	ogrissec 191044 capt. royal italian army div.
1	they did compliment kibbee on his performance.
1	the current vicar is rev. mark mcdonald.
1	it was premiered on amazon prime video.
1	c. bicolor is associated with coral reefs.
1	its seafront esplanade is planted with palms.
1	the two choruses are the main characters.
1	mentalization can occur either automatically or consciously.
1	particularly it is celebrated among younger people.
1	hoover himself appears briefly in the film.
1	additionally nico minoru was featured in a-force.
1	jacob de haas was born in london.
1	he also played for inverleith hockey club.
1	these programs remained popular throughout this time.
1	because that's where all the crime is.
1	jens and karen bille had two sons.
1	he did not name the new mayor.
1	on the may 24 episode of impact!
1	credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
1	the hardware was developed by erik stemme.
1	pedersen died at his home in clementon.
1	marcel hitie assistant superintendent mauritius police force.
1	it was the end of kyansittha's career.
1	on the november 10 episode of impact!
1	the bank distributed loans before their approval.
1	some russians had already settled in mexico.
1	the gold stock stayed at 103.7 tonnes.
1	consolidated to a battalion of five companies.
1	the age requirement is 18 and up.
1	he died in hartshead yorkshire aged 91.
1	the game begins with a toss-up question.
1	for services to the community in somerset.
1	he has three brothers and four sisters.
1	it is also her second christmas album.
1	in 2015 moved to mio biwako shiga.
1	the sentry sent him into the camp.
1	welsh rarebit transfers from stage to radio.
1	he wrote several hymns while living here.
1	the poetry witch little book of spells.
1	she was a social worker and housewife.
1	the two traveled the world in 1875.
1	he fought in the battle of goliad.
1	the explorers discover a new mysterious island.
1	he replaced snoop dogg and beenie man.
1	serves 7 years in a juvenile home.
1	it is now largely an administration building.
1	the lincoln theater opened in october 1927.
1	for services to holocaust remembrance and education.
1	or you could have a shareholder agreement.
1	it obtained its current name in 1966.
1	it is a tributary of bear creek.
1	his only loss was to jack newton.
1	it is now a restaurant and bar.
1	the slopes are clad in dense forests.
1	body piceous with uniform light yellowish-green scales.
1	again the police were rushed by participants.
1	bohm began making bicycle frames in 1994.
1	cash app was launched by block inc.
1	areito's counterpart in eastern cuba is siboney.
1	in 1915 he married margaret frances andrews.
1	five years later she travelled in ireland.
1	the main activity is scavenging for crabs.
1	for influenza vaccination there are non-egg alternatives.
1	he is married to actress shivani bhai.
1	it is a notable gothic revival building.
1	another variation includes adding locally made miso.
1	john reginald rowling headteacher nunthorpe school middlesbrough.
1	his family resides in new york city.
1	shakya started playing professional football from 1975.
1	roy john reeves gardener crown estate windsor.
1	frederick arthur ind estate worker highgrove estate.
1	entry to the museum is by admission.
1	he took office on 29 may 1999.
1	she was born to wealthy landowning family.
1	lindroth and newick were married in 1987.
1	i love ministry and i love mentoring.
1	it was replaced by the insignia vxr.
1	this opinion was not shared by all.
1	it was called the del monte express.
1	elevation ranges from 420 to 2721 meters.
1	its style is close to italian neorealism.
1	one of these was rocca santa maria.
1	the song was written by david lewis.
1	she later changed her name to kendra.
1	sports club meteor was established in 1962.
1	it is directed by a. j. antoon.
1	another immunotoxin ss1p targets the mesothelin antigen.
1	martyrs christopher and maura by the sword.
1	straight line accelerations can easily exceed 2.5g.
1	it was placed above altar and pulpit.
1	she was sold at plymouth in 1849.
1	however there was no final decision yet.
1	benignus of armagh st. patrick's psalm singer.
1	drag is a cover album by k.d.
1	roelofs is a dutch language patronymic surname.
1	he became an assistant professor in 1941.
1	ketti is accessible by rail or road.
1	ramakrishnan is also very kind to thiru.
1	rolf garthus founded the company in 2003.
1	d. in sociology from harvard in 1982.
1	they signed to the r radical imprint.
1	his most influential instructor was franz skarbina.
1	oxford and new york: oxford university press.
1	in 1966 he was named associate professor.
1	the story was inspired by mr lucky.
1	retention rates were reportedly close to zero.
1	aycock was born in charlotte north carolina.
1	the service was shut down in 1994.
1	hughes was brought up in county durham.
1	he moved to ontario canada in 1851.
1	some songs appear in slightly different iterations.
1	johnson began acting in his early twenties.
1	in 1958 she was cast as mme.
1	around 300 people attended the war council.
1	long branch is located at (40.091561 79.882983).
1	this concert was a part of summerfest.
1	other crows hover restlessly in the distance.
1	the jewish population were murdered in 1941.
1	savitr has a major role in creation.
1	these entered the civilian market in 2001.
1	maps are available at the park office.
1	they sedate brea and take her away.
1	director of communications and external relations refuge.
1	events in the year 1827 in portugal.
1	he was released on march 28 2018.
1	they spent eighteen months planning the tournament.
1	he left to coach at lawrence university.
1	the bellows were housed in the tower.
1	martyrs narses and artemon by the sword.
1	a semi-final game was added in 1974.
1	there is also a morven in aberdeenshire.
1	he has played for aruba national team.
1	the two services operated on nearly-identical schedules.
1	one day she became sick and died.
1	he received an ab degree in 1870.
1	there hersek-oglu's forces suffered a massive defeat.
1	the construction is divided into three phases.
1	russian-language work published in the soviet union.
1	methylcobalamin has been identified in chlorella vulgaris.
1	music for a scene from shelley op.
1	the village has a population of 214.
1	adolf m. hakkert-publisher amsterdam 2018 (in english).
1	that's the exciting twist in the future.
1	affairs of the heart according to birds.
1	alvise loredan (1533-1560) was assassinated in 1560.
1	alex scott sports presenter pundit and footballer.
1	stuart taylor 72 english footballer (bristol rovers).
1	the film had musical score by shyam.
1	marie darby 79 new zealand marine biologist.
1	saraperos de saltillo win the mexican league.
1	budge budge railway station is located nearby.
1	he is now professor emeritus with northwestern.
1	that oscillation term is the so-called zitterbewegung.
1	nagaoka-tenjin station opened on 1 november 1928.
1	taro aso is suzuki's brother in law.
1	she is now coming in a cab.
1	costanoan is an externally applied name (exonym).
1	gyldendal is still based in the building.
1	protesters burnt several other vehicles and buildings.
1	but later he became fessler's bitter opponent.
1	burchell b.j. cartron d. csizmadia p. delcampe,s.
1	this allowed fast downloads for the time.
1	so.k.'s deputy secretary of the agricultural section.
1	it is found in myanmar and india.
1	timber-framed sliding sash windows provide elegant fenestration.
1	its first offices were in department stores.
1	collection list and multiple user defined playlists.
1	professor of health informatics university of plymouth.
1	javafx 19 was released in september 2022.
1	wetd's license was cancelled june 2 2022.
1	there wasn't really anything he couldn't do.
1	the name kyangin came from kyant kin.
1	the craft is wide long and high.
1	the i posits this situation for itself.
1	chris abbott maintainer of the website c64audio.
1	he is a member of magnum photos.
1	the show is conceptualized by saad khan.
1	de bruijn was born in barendrecht netherlands.
1	the seat is reserved for scheduled castes.
1	kill or be killed (2004) pinnacle books.
1	oxford university press new york ny 1985.
1	it requires low water and nutrient inputs.
1	like father like son (2002) pinnacle books.
1	the village has a population of 110.
1	it will require qualification in new circumstances.
1	the son of thomas leroy organ sr.
1	the number 3 cargo hold flooded quickly.
1	the move came after a lengthy procedure.
1	indians and spaniards in new galicia 1524-1550.
1	jaarboek van die nederduitse gereformeerde kerke 1990.
1	eventually boston adopted the student-optimal stable mechanism.
1	eddie allen american trumpeter and flugel hornist.
1	he was buried at arlington national cemetery.
1	the corps was restructured among other changes.
1	smoking within the venue is not permitted.
1	she had two shafts and two propellers.
1	stuart channel is south of mudge island.
1	department on the issues of judicial reform.
1	the bund has been revitalized several times.
1	this species occurs in the red sea.
1	carver's next victim is teenager cheryl dempsey.
1	jasper forest park was established in 1907.
1	no official announcement or reason was given.
1	wyatt died in washington d.c. in 1978.
1	which would be boarding using the corvus.
1	he left office on september 13 2013.
1	the garden itself has aboriginal style patterns.
1	naadp may also be reduced to naadph.
1	colyar studied the law with micah taul.
1	he is of german and irish descent.
1	no video was made for the song.
1	the film was a box office success.
1	waterford to form waterford city and county.
1	the second round now had two byes.
1	the event has been annual since 1981.
1	january 2 2012: garret siler is waived.
1	its average annual generation is 533 gwh.
1	general motors on the gippsland railway line.
1	he plays the position of power forward-center.
1	he also constructed bancas cascos and sailboats.
1	burak moved to sky news in 2006.
1	warner was held for nearly a year.
1	lieutenant goldsmith died on 8 october 1841.
1	the digits have neither discs nor webbing.
1	the series' chief director was hisayuki toriumi.
1	it has a population of 4,387 (2011).
1	they arrived at penghu the next day.
1	both verses concern christ's coming on earth.
1	mick karn died on january 4 2011.
1	the third pub is the crookhaven inn.
1	mixing is a stronger statement than ergodicity.
1	german warmblood horses also played a part.
1	girls were often transported across state lines.
1	shirak-2 changed their name to fc gyumri.
1	the village has a population of 540.
1	there's no purpose or logic to events.
1	wilf's first start-up in 1997 was trivnet.
1	gallagher was replaced by guitarist jesse o'hara.
1	delano anne l. and ritchey betty eds.
1	resorbable polymers can also be 3d printed.
1	it was released in 1976 by rca.
1	andrew john tait as sergeant napier carmicheal.
1	they are entirely absent from indomalayan waters.
1	on may 27 2020 iliadis joined apoel.
1	david reich's laboratory also noted similar findings.
1	it is in length and in depth.
1	his warm pleasant demeanor hides chilly depths.
1	vivaldi il farnace diego fasolis virgin classics.
1	the type was collected in gourbeyre guadeloupe.
1	it does not invoke a toxic response.
1	volker bertelmann was born in kreuztal germany.
1	it's the duality that i find interesting.
1	he was awarded the mbe in 1945.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	bridget (voiced by beth armstrong): peter's mother.
1	it was then converted into a restaurant.
1	they were married on 28 february 1496.
1	the first student editor-in-chief was leon foley.
1	he enjoyed the diplomatic life with style.
1	nine-year-old ren has recently lost his mother.
1	ahnaf jakaria is the current college prefect.
1	heraclius then became roman emperor in 610.
1	the campus bookstore was a student cooperative.
1	it discharges into the teleajen in izvoarele.
1	in 1870 she married william soesbe harbert.
1	the village has a population of 760.
1	hodgett currently holds three shadow ministry portfolios.
1	it was released on july 11 2015.
1	fifth-seeded boris becker won the singles title.
1	in 1904 he married helen gertrude hilliard.
1	coch's family is widely related to football.
1	indices nosologici ordine alphabetico adnotationibus therapeuticis accomodati.
1	this problem also has analogs in industry.
1	a ukrainian artillery position was located nearby.
1	he graduated from the university of dhaka.
1	he has a younger brother named thambidurai.
1	it has been a museum since 1880.
1	he triggered the separation by shouting split!
1	he died in lock haven in 1941.
1	the 1832 date has become generally accepted.
1	clients could request medical and legal advice.
1	isola sacra 2011 (namesake of isola sacra).
1	her hands are accessorized with green bangles.
1	mccleary was also warden for welland county.
1	in 1398 it was mentioned as schnottwil.
1	in 1940 the membership was about 100,000.
1	a streetfighter variation of the yzf-r15 v3.
1	the channel aired on xm live 120.
1	kazuo oga art collection (oga kazuo gashuu).
1	the two volumes sold for four guineas.
1	the village has a population of 340.
1	the suspension system has full adjustable dampers.
1	an example is correggio's death from 1834.
1	john macarthur built elizabeth farm in 1793.
1	lachnopus spretus (gyllenhal) 1834: 38: dominican republic.
1	gross ira john downing and adma d'heurle.
1	o'brien was born in baltimore in 1880.
1	the population was 53 as of 2002.
1	his consort is known as sankaraparvathi ambal.
1	my mountain country by ye lijun 2019.
1	digicel the telecommunication company has prepared us$10.
1	this complete process takes around 4-5 seconds.
1	the actress tara summers is her granddaughter.
1	charles simic the voice at 3:00 a.m.
1	mansfield left an estate valued at $2,473.
1	but not always he succeeds in it.
1	thomas was lost while edith was rescued.
1	house budget review subcommittee on transportation rep.
1	she only returned to malaysia in 1987.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	the population was 1,640 as of 2010.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	he was released on september 15 1970.
1	the ambush leaves three idf soldiers dead.
1	however the operation also underlined several problems.
1	the disciples' local churches are congregationally governed.
1	a rescue mission is launched to investigate.
1	swimming is limited to the summer months.
1	there were 13 entries in the race.
1	the limbs are brown banded with black.
1	in 1853 he became a first lieutenant.
1	the american load of stacked firewood varied.
1	linguistic vocabulary is synonymous with thinking vocabulary.
1	a federal appellate court upheld the decision.
1	westfahlen-uns rheinland im 15 jahrhundert 2. publ.
1	the film dialogue was written by ve.
1	contact with the enemy was almost daily.
1	he mainly painted genre works and portraits.
1	current directions in psychological science 14(4) 204-208.
1	he also had worsted mills in thornton.
1	our modern understanding of haplozoon is limited.
1	it was organised as a free event.
1	its ingredients include vegetable fat and buttermilk.
1	the foundation retained 49% shares until 2014.
1	scarlet is the color of the artillery.
1	he was granted a phd in 1911.
1	these names exhibit multiple different celtic roots.
1	rodriguez was brought up in western sydney.
1	c. r. gregory saw it in 1886.
1	karen bartke as sergeant karen anne millar.
1	a bronchoscopy revealed that gertz had aids.
1	a quarterly newsletter is sent to members.
1	eppstein is also an amateur digital photographer.
1	approximately 350 people live in the village.
1	lachnopus seini wolcott 1936: 302: puerto rico.
1	he was the youngest of 12 children.
1	the music was conducted by nunes garcia.
1	the company's ceo is david a. steinberg.
1	lachnopus trilineatus chevrolat 1876: ccxxviii: puerto rico.
1	eventually he would also become club captain.
1	it has osteoderms distributed throughout its body.
1	the station is owned by melco inc.
1	it was inactivated there in february 1946.
1	his court rank was junior third rank.
1	new york san francisco bern etc. 1991.
1	typically they were about long by wide.
1	maldives has the most overwater bungalows resorts.
1	but hope is in love with blake.
1	it is made of concrete and brick.
1	the story is divided into two parts.
1	lachnopus interruptus perroud 1853: 475 : hispaniola.
1	her collected stories were published in 1936.
1	it was inaugurated on 14 march 1904.
1	the stadium has seating for 750 fans.
1	he served three terms as a democrat.
1	he retired from first-class cricket in 1999.
1	old westbury new york: the feminist press.
1	fred are the international champion barbershop quartet.
1	this species is endemic to new zealand.
1	old westbury new york: the feminist press.
1	it shows interaction when the dogs meet.
1	the area is sometimes called western transdanubia.
1	whole-wheat and multigrain spaghetti are also available.
1	various rituals are held in the dap-ay.
1	in an interview on april 11 rep.
1	there will be proposals of intervention france.
1	ortiz conceded after the november 22 recount.
1	she was born on 5 may 1977.
1	blood sacrifice in various forms was conducted.
1	a hip injury limited clijsters's remaining schedule.
1	one of the boys steals his wallet.
1	none of these landmarks were ever rebuilt.
1	reviews for the ep have been mixed.
1	the community is inside area code 707.
1	old westbury new york: the feminist press.
1	it and lightram have a duraluminium body.
1	optic texas is owned by optic gaming.
1	to the south is an oyster keep.
1	miss dynamix automatically advanced to week 3.
1	old westbury new york: the feminist press.
1	it was established on january 4 2005.
1	this boat was to be the klamath.
1	it drains northwards into the river buckau.
1	the entrance is found in the east.
1	august weenaas was augsburg's first president (1869-1876).
1	in spring grenier resumed his original mission.
1	in 1845 the state became insolvent again.
1	ocbc opened an off-shore branch in brunei.
1	cyprus wheatear (oenanthe cypriaca) juvenile sub adult.
1	samantha fox is a new hampshire politician.
1	path-vector routing is used for inter-domain routing.
1	mr. ray howell was the school principal.
1	lecourbe had 11,800 soldiers in his division.
1	it was described by mitchell in 1957.
1	the first issue contained his professional standards.
1	the film has musical score by shyam.
1	perfectly reasonable you might think but no!
1	it's a joke to have a gun.
1	the street used to have intense traffic.
1	montgomery trevor williams superintendent mauritius police force.
1	no man-made tributary can flow into it.
1	it was opened on 18 january 2003.
1	teresa is the oldest of three children.
1	a revolutionary gentleman jonathan cape london 1933.
1	christian crisis catholic book club london 1940.
1	langkowski appears as sasquatch in what if?
1	kalidas karmakar 73 bangladeshi painter and printmaker.
1	it was described by mitchell in 1936.
1	funds were raised for the innocence project.
1	joseph pemberton probably never visited the area.
1	navy dominated the rest of the game.
1	she is talking top actress in burma.
1	he was by profession an electrical engineer.
1	their children use the blended surname daumann.
1	he introduced the term mutualism in 1876.
1	he had second thoughts and accepted it.
1	another dog is jumping on the left.
1	mdc-600 uses a 600 baud data rate.
1	on 20 july 2015 the trial started.
1	the engine was rated at 540 nhp.
1	she displaced up to at full load.
1	he also graduated in architecture in 2003.
1	the commercial was directed by frank budgen.
1	this concept would eventually evolve into mountain.
1	the image regained popularity in the 1960s.
1	next comes the cutting of the cake.
1	this size produces a billfold sized photo.
1	the restaurants use the modern farmhouse style.
1	for services to pharmacy and pharmaceutical education.
1	it originally aired on january 9 2006.
1	the final version was produced in 2010.
1	she won comfortably over two other candidates.
1	his uncle the bishop of lichfield officiated.
1	shamir was born in kiryat motzkin israel.
1	air navigation is accomplished with many methods.
1	tanzer attended barnard college graduating in 1903.
1	lachnopus cristalensis de zayas 1988: 161: cuba.
1	lachnopus dentipes perroud 1853: 489 : hispaniola.
1	in 1946 the rolling stock was renewed.
1	in 1974 holmberg was back in danville.
1	erebuni-homenmen changed their name to erebuni fc.
1	reruns of captain nice aired on ha!
1	the symbols are then sent using nrz.
1	she participated in the 2020 summer olympics.
1	she and conrad had the following children.
1	airpods max features an over-ear headphone design.
1	fergus o'kelly 88 actor musician and singer.
1	hartal supporters attacked train and government offices.
1	rushton moved back to michigan in 1908.
1	he played all seven matches as halfback.
1	belinda effah (born 1989) nigerian movie actress.
1	a cemetery was established adjacent in 1781.
1	aquarius was titled after tinashe's zodiac sign.
1	d. in history from ucla in 1942.
1	table 2: criteria requirement at different levels.
1	john robert tully inspector kenya police force.
1	she returned permanently to ethiopia in 1999.
1	he has designed private residencies and wineries.
1	they'd worked together before it turned out.
1	jackson made the fort his white house.
1	old westbury new york: the feminist press.
1	more than 47,000 cambodians fled to thailand.
1	he did post-doctoral work at harvard university.
1	bayern began pre-season training on 3 july.
1	a restaurant was opened on the pier.
1	she was an activist for women's issues.
1	truex led 144 laps of the race.
1	the school opened on august 3 2010.
1	ashley refuses to make amends with fred.
1	hinterland baptist church was established in 1995.
1	the allies fielded an even larger army.
1	other spaghetti preparations include amatriciana or carbonara.
1	maple valley is located at (47.366160 122.044692).
1	the antennae are white with black annulations.
1	it was renamed chengdufu circuit in 1059.
1	wedy dechreu i scriuenu 4. maij 1604.
1	ksnq airs a classic rock music format.
1	he remained at wsoc-fm until late 1987.
1	the film is extant and available online.
1	in the eastern part flows the hunte.
1	flamingos pelicans and herons inhabit the marshes.
1	he is the son of mark harrison.
1	sally and mene mene have seven grandchildren.
1	with his army kyansittha drove yamankan out.
1	the tournament was contested by four nations.
1	the only exceptions are petone and korokoro.
1	sewa helped convert it to women management.
1	ballinhassig garda station is located in halfway.
1	therefore its residual set r is dense.
1	january 2005 altiris acquired tonic software inc.
1	in 2011 ortega was re-elected as president.
1	they played in the korea national league.
1	tonacatecuhtli god of sustenance associated with ometecuhtli.
1	catherine was at vadstena during the rebellion.
1	their name was chosen as a joke.
1	the republicans won by a comfortable margin.
1	the polynesians were organized in petty chieftainships.
1	wattana reached the final with three wins.
1	the bank's total customer deposits were ugx:183.
1	huehuecoyotl god of old-age origin and deception.
1	it also borders the gulf of mexico.
1	i live too fast to die young!
1	it is known to damage oyster fisheries.
1	in 2004 governor bill owens declared feb.
1	a grandson is the comedian james bachman.
1	africa is one of his major themes.
1	it formed later than the noachian period.
1	several families are descendants of clan hamilton.
1	the population of lalana is approximately 9,500.
1	glasfelderkopf is a mountain of bavaria germany.
1	swapnaat pahile je te roop hech hote.
1	it is located in kitwe ntungamo uganda.
1	the mla's official newsletter is the crab.
1	it was equipped with only 10 planes.
1	this is still the case in french.
1	another function of glycosomes is purine salvage.
1	both of these examples are single-hinge-line mechanisms.
1	katie kelly tacy's older somewhat bossy sister.
1	the year 1908 was important for peano.
1	state railways started the mine in 1924.
1	o'farrell was heavily engaged with the theater.
1	one important commodity it produced was coal.
1	after that i got into personal training.
1	there were also two metal-clad post holes.
1	henry in the handbook of texas online.
1	the film has been remade several times.
1	the buds are pinkish near flowering time.
1	he voted against the aca in 2010.
1	he served in the united states army.
1	it also failed to reach other charts.
1	he described it as a photographer's paradise.
1	the company is headquartered in toronto ontario.
1	the protests then became a nationwide movement.
1	it takes its name from mount aigaleo.
1	stats reflect time with the canucks only.
1	the lines are neither current nor witty.
1	this was an insert song of ep.
1	few aquilifers are recorded individually in history.
1	he lives in pilchowice in upper silesia.
1	after 2.e5 2.nd5 is almost universally played.
1	balakumara is krishnadevaraya's second wife tirumalamba's brother.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	she eventually gets balakumara banished from vijayanagara.
1	the maximum possible is 190,000 per year.
1	merger of yr amserau and baner cymru.
1	boston museum of fine arts boston mass.
1	medallion portrait of general john a. dix.
1	the most popular was the hotel's kafana.
1	henry newcome ll.d. (baptised 1689 died 1756).
1	haque was born on 24 april 1960.
1	linda mugleston and carly hughes were featured.
1	the company had defaulted on their loan.
1	the resort in indiana closed in 2013.
1	there was widespread looting and spontaneous violence.
1	only local services stop at the station.
1	originally described as colias chlorocoma christoph 1888.
1	these were prominently advertised in their magazines.
1	the film won a national film awards.
1	what are you doing alone in bed?
1	sultana was born on 28 september 1971.
1	she also has the ability to teleport.
1	the root can be long and thick.
1	it was described by roth in 1851.
1	bryonia dioica is generally toxic to humans.
1	previously at wtar radio for 12 years.
1	hitler first insisted the plebiscite be cancelled.
1	preseason games air on wfld (channel 32).
1	it was described by baehr in 2004.
1	sick unto death she no one heard.
1	gertrude embraces him and louise hugs halsey.
1	during this investigation spurred by a change.
1	we're not going to let them smoke.
1	one shot shows al performing a chinface.
1	this time the mile took only 1:48.
1	this marriage did not make him happy.
1	it has the nominal classification of b9.
1	the village has a population of 630.
1	the series is shot in 16:9 widescreen.
1	semantic memory disorders fall into two groups.
1	n. serinopa is found in sri lanka.
1	he died january 23 1904 age 61.
1	it is available as a generic medication.
1	he was assigned the squad number 29.
1	it contains newark and portions of lisbon.
1	it is also part of the complex.
1	they had residences in florida and kentucky.
1	he was re-elected to parliament in 2009.
1	the monument was designed by robert launitz.
1	she still has to appear this season.
1	the last reason was considered especially important.
1	he joined c9 on november 18 2015.
1	he was born in 1920 in lahore.
1	the album was met with favorable reviews.
1	we weren't looking to score political points.
1	the latter program debuted may 5 2008.
1	electrical experimenter may 1913 to july 1920.
1	the karadon formation conformably overlies the kozlu.
1	his mother bucchamma was a house wife.
1	this method of file protection was basic.
1	it is currently served by frontier airlines.
1	roth's first book was a biography him.
1	it was described by broun in 1893.
1	it has been presented annually since 1967.
1	bowie showcases a rising vocal progression throughout.
1	one species has been described chaleuria cirrosa.
1	in 2012 he continued active engineering work.
1	bruce mason died in 1982 from cancer.
1	he graduated from high school in 1963.
1	he latterly created works for british railways.
1	the jarawas have no system of writing.
1	he was deposed as was his successor.
1	opened in 1992 it offers vocational training.
1	smith was not a very good campaigner.
1	it was described by schouten in 1994.
1	his right arm extends upwards and forwards.
1	chinese philosophers took varying approaches to music.
1	we've already been building the distribution network.
1	fc zvezda played at the trud stadium.
1	also available as stanford technical note stan-cs-tn-94-13.
1	lord nelson challenged lock's accusations of cheating.
1	womack married mary therese mcgoldrick in 1995.
1	he has a younger brother and sister.
1	silver creek township was organized in 1905.
1	leaving for klisura to do the same.
1	her father's occupation was listed as mechanic.
1	john's marriage was never a happy one.
1	wolfe was born in 1685 in york.
1	chains and bonus multipliers increase the score.
1	top four teams advanced to the semi-finals.
1	hosg regatta committee incorporates as an association.
1	the hindwings are whitish tinged grey posteriorly.
1	black owl foot soldiers of black satan.
1	gui had three wives and a concubine.
1	the opposition decided to boycott the elections.
1	mireille was born and lives in evionnaz.
1	sendig-dart 1.1 was released in december 2017.
1	temporary marriages are forbidden in sunni islam.
1	order of the crown of italy (italy).
1	kdot airs an active rock music format.
1	the remix formally known as the mr.
1	jim soon becomes famous all over soho.
1	then with the phantom it was there!
1	this paper was a daily except sunday.
1	samuel carlisi 82 american mobster heart attack.
1	he did not stand for parliament again.
1	it has since been joined by dh5.
1	this species feeds on a yellow sponge.
1	well it seems a very gloomy business.
1	species of metavirus are single-stranded rna retrotransposons.
1	in 1807 the tribunat was definitely abolished.
1	in response to the complaints apple inc.
1	as of match played 18 september 2022.
1	desiring a more opportune moment he withdraws.
1	zakare and ivane took dvin in 1193.
1	the city was formally incorporated in 1871.
1	no tropical storms formed in the basin.
1	he has no face and no eyes.
1	the film was ann hu's directorial debut.
1	his descendants held the shahgarh taluqdari estate.
1	introduction and translation by bertram d. wolfe.
1	youngkin has been critical of these protections.
1	chihaya is patient level-headed but slyly flirtatious.
1	premiums are based on the member's income.
1	the eye has a vertically elliptical pupil.
1	he tentatively assigned woodbinesuchus to the goniopholidae.
1	woodstock is a bird and snoopy's friend.
1	the spring creek trail is 6.6 miles.
1	the player voluntarily withdrew from the competition.
1	lyon county is divided into eleven townships.
1	india as described by early greek writers.
1	she then wanted to attend medical school.
1	in april 2012 hilson worked with dosomething.
1	harleston is a village in devon england.
1	he was released on august 26 2013.
1	dokk1 library in aarhus denmark interior 02.
1	dokk1 library in aarhus denmark interior 10.
1	the station opened on december 21 1978.
1	the serial is produced under several titles.
1	he came to our hospital very regularly.
1	it was founded in 1980 in amsterdam.
1	also in 1810 a courthouse was built.
1	the village has a population of 680.
1	all were withdrawn between 1898 and 1902.
1	she remained in this post until 1908.
1	his grave is in forest lawn cemetery.
1	in january 2018 melbourne city released kilkenny.
1	he coined the expression tautomerism in 1885.
1	his regular playing position is loosehead prop.
1	he began the portrait a decade earlier.
1	university of kansas publications in humanistic studies.
1	numerous video games were released in 2013.
1	strabismus is the lack of binocular vision.
1	hall sharon j. and pamela a. matson.
1	shymkent averages just under of precipitation annually.
1	their daughter was born in january 1711.
1	there is a radio station near imeritsitosika.
1	he played in the pro bowl twice.
1	it was shut down in july 2015.
1	calvin's music however failed to catch on.
1	this is the second line of text.
1	the population was 1,143 as of 2010.
1	control of particulate emissions (apti course 413).
1	it is directly under the prime minister.
1	the school celebrated its centennial in 1976.
1	the overall ministry is named radio missions.
1	mirrah foulkes as ellie clayton (season 5).
1	it is now considered a ghost town.
1	rocknet by riedel communications uses cat-5 cabling.
1	nine new genes that influence bone strength.
1	nepa is narrower in scope than ceqa.
1	the station is owned by iheartmedia inc.
1	he was promoted to lieutenant-general in 1890.
1	there is a tsarist era railway station.
1	during remission the penis becomes flaccid again.
1	mike york was selected as his replacement.
1	according to screenwriter david koepp the 'mr.
1	the magnetic field was about 16 teslas.
1	in 2009 she was living in berlin.
1	the wood is locally used in construction.
1	the hindquarters vary from sloping to well-rounded.
1	the village economy was dominated by agriculture.
1	it reached 55 employees in late 2014.
1	the area includes 2.56% of the country.
1	belonging to the city council of carmen.
1	kristi andersen is an american political scientist.
1	three individuals were arrested and later released.
1	today the property is called avalon springs.
1	krasnopolski formed a partnership with adel tankova.
1	events from the year 1801 in germany.
1	longfellow corresponded with her approvingly about it.
1	the play was completed early in 2012.
1	gravity interactive publishes games in north america.
1	the new wllz became an instant hit.
1	there was nevertheless another side to him.
1	in 1915 it was recorded as 'barriere'.
1	photography wasn't the profession of either brother.
1	early works include the 1961 quill cover.
1	it was released by world film company.
1	kritische theorie und realismusbegriff: horkheimer adorno kluge.
1	national chiang kai-shek memorial hall taipei taiwan.
1	chief gunner's mate joseph b. aviles sr.
1	warwick was born in aston birmingham england.
1	ellis jennings house 711 e. forest ave.
1	meenkulathikkavu is the oldest temple in pallasena.
1	assigned to advance brigade iv corps dept.
1	boats is the boat and sailing-themed disc.
1	she is not related to charee pineda.
1	toyota industries shuttles qualified for challenge 1.
1	the 10,915 households averaged 2.65 persons each.
1	aratere has both rail and vehicle decks.
1	several public health groups opposed the bill.
1	upendra took to drawing while in school.
1	both games were played on july 3.
1	lee's methods varied with nearly each murder.
1	tara strong as roshan a human infant.
1	the christian brothers lived opposite the school.
1	he was briefly married to susan knight.
1	these things operate from an opposite logic.
1	about 4,500 people attended the one-day event.
1	pursuit 2019-2023 police model v6-awd and v8-awd.
1	satish alekar belongs to city of pune.
1	he played college football at texas state.
1	it is part of the ahirwal region.
1	he wrote various papers mostly in portuguese.
1	middle belt the central region of nigeria.
1	reliability was not the only issue either.
1	the village has a population of 1,090.
1	it has grama niladhari division code 526c.
1	it is the location of monument valley.
1	the nutrient cycle is nature's recycling system.
1	francis throws a torch and ignites it.
1	it was divided into smaller rectangular panels.
1	alexander bell watson chief executive angus council.
1	they are charged with protecting the temples.
1	m. y. yu and p. k. shukla.
1	totora municipality is divided into four cantons.
1	for services to accident and emergency medicine.
1	it's an interesting exercise as a songwriter.
1	i did not understand say that again.
1	the ground had a capacity of 15,000.
1	malone's test would be his only one.
1	his hobbies include diving cycling and reading.
1	for services to dance and to dancers.
1	the song was performed by lidia isac.
1	it was described by lane in 1964.
1	lowland piedmont is a fertile agricultural region.
1	finally vilvanathan arrives and beats raghavan up.
1	nicotine and derivatives cause alterations in neurodevelopment.
1	ferriss susan sandoval ricardo and hembree diana.
1	sadqi-sulemanki border ceremony near fazilka in punjab.
1	she returned to the african nursing english.
1	the village has a population of 824.
1	a number of medical and archaeological institutions.
1	during pat dunne's internment in ballykinlar co.
1	rev. a b d e 360 phys.
1	it was re-released on 14 february 2007.
1	paul-antoine is a french masculine given name.
1	however he was dismissed in august 2010.
1	these symptoms are collectively called b symptoms.
1	but russ feingold voted against those laws.
1	he is buried at kensal green cemetery.
1	an individual component is called a kpart.
1	leslie then announces her city council candidacy.
1	flowers in terminal or axillary cymes yellowish.
1	this will be shown by the following.
1	she became a mother at age 16.
1	the police run after the wrong man.
1	inaccurate or low-quality information distorts investment decisions.
1	osmotic laxatives are recommended over stimulant laxatives.
1	for valuable service to the canadian army.
1	third came the experiment on 28 september.
1	fabolous is featured on the official remix.
1	coulson was awarded an mbe in 1994.
1	the village has a population of 212.
1	the village has a population of 44.
1	odf 1.2 defines precisely the conformance needs.
1	marcus simon cooper was born around 1966.
1	it forms part of the harborough district.
1	he had two sisters and two brothers.
1	the village has a population of 48.
1	the mosaic also contains abstract gold patterns.
1	the research article was released in 2014.
1	the destroyer returned newport on 21 november.
1	introduction by the zuni governor norman cooeyate.
1	the manga ended on may 26 2018.
1	they reach sexual maturity at 133 days.
1	robert gillon watson black chairman caravan club.
1	it was annexed by jordan in 1950.
1	the painting was auctioned for $31.4 million.
1	she was sentenced to one year's imprisonment.
1	this is much like a bathing suit.
1	suddenly he was a big pop star.
1	hudleston was born in bray berkshire (england).
1	as said above their legs are bare.
1	there is some relationship to iron deficiency.
1	morena had no relation to those productions.
1	his father benimadhav chatterjee was an engineer.
1	the pigments are absorbed in the colon.
1	the closest national rail station is swanley.
1	it was released on 23 march 2010.
1	the population was 301 as of 2010.
1	tricks follow the usual swiss-jass trick rules.
1	gwar repeatedly engage in battle with him.
1	the village has a population of 85.
1	for services to further education in scotland.
1	none of the exo diastereomer was observed.
1	it's hard not to take it personally.
1	pat hayward was horticultural editor from 1997-2008.
1	fenestration is generally two-over-two double-hung wood sash.
1	mr. brown continues to deny these charges.
1	he was unopposed in the general election.
1	sometimes these two last spots are confluent.
1	croatian made ero and mini-ero in use.
1	in 2015 postmedia network acquired sun media.
1	she was a type b1 ski athlete.
1	the estimated death toll stands at 300,000.
1	other times the material simply changed shape.
1	david encourages creativity among developers and players.
1	all times are in eastern time zone.
1	additionally the complex was renamed to greenstreet.
1	the soldier turns out to be alive.
1	the population was 2 as of 2002.
1	the office building originally had no tenants.
1	tops played second accordion with frank's band.
1	the xps 12 is a convertible laptop.
1	almost all are available for private label.
1	nothing further about the house is known.
1	hoffman participated in the hispanic got milk?
1	the columella is straight moderately long simple.
1	hoffman never officially responded to rossetter's allegations.
1	the species is indigenous to the caribbean.
1	hofprediger adolf stoecker und die christlichsoziale bewegung.
1	he was released on february 27 2018.
1	he went on to received his ph.
1	the poem was eventually published in 1898.
1	the western boundary is the bemis-altamont moraine.
1	makani kai air began operations in 1998.
1	qualifying was determined by a random draw.
1	most able bodied men had fled elsewhere.
1	two more torpedoes from upholder sank her.
1	a few non-industry funded studies also exist.
1	his fate after the war is unclear.
1	the businessman promoted the digitalization of schools.
1	the song has a bpm of 124.
1	it started operations on 1 july 2014.
1	he died at belfast in july 2003.
1	orlando willcox was soon given brigade command.
1	alan e. mitchell is a canadian politician.
1	the novel is set in october 1965.
1	his brother is also a rugby player.
1	it is found in venezuela and brazil.
1	all other homology groups are clearly trivial.
1	the teip had its own teip cemetery.
1	it is also supported by giuseppe tartini.
1	biometric authentication will identify only legitimate users.
1	he won three games and saved another.
1	the coating is the only external protection.
1	it is known from borneo and malaysia.
1	he landed in brush breaking two vertebrae.
1	it was issued starting october 1 2015.
1	moggys are judged based on their temperament.
1	the race started and finished in estella.
1	it was described by breuning in 1942.
1	the crash occurred at approximately 6.43 am.
1	he championed chow yun fat's hollywood debut.
1	a biography of her life and work.
1	it was described by roesler in 1969.
1	symbiosis is also classified by physical attachment.
1	its boundaries have remained unchanged since then.
1	the vessel has been towed to safety.
1	italian-irish connection crawford art gallery cork ireland.
1	it was described by ragonot in 1888.
1	the area is partly devoted to agriculture.
1	billy hartung broadway actor dancer and singer.
1	winners are listed first highlighted in boldface.
1	gulaal and maya in sumit sambhal lega.
1	awarded an honorary mention in the competition.
1	there were no injuries among the passengers.
1	platelet count can be low or high.
1	at these borders are located customs facilities.
1	this is the second line of text.
1	kyrra grunnsund represented australia in five paralympics.
1	shifting is not restricted to verb phrases.
1	a single mausoleum may be permanently sealed.
1	the session was shortened due to rain.
1	this is true of both whisky galore!
1	kleberg is in dallas independent school district.
1	she was previously pro-rector of lund university.
1	they are easily mistaken for bolinopsis sp.
1	i thought that was a little over-wrought.
1	the prologue was written by richard cumberland.
1	car 11 provides green (first class) accommodation.
1	it is found in guatemala and mexico.
1	the series premiered on february 10 2013.
1	they made him their starting first baseman.
1	a member of the international necronautical society.
1	it was reconstructed again in the mid-1960s.
1	commerson's frogfish is also named after him.
1	dissertation university of maryland college park 1994.
1	literature 2 volumes (cambridge university press 2012).
1	individually zimmermann placed twentieth in the all-around.
1	greene's division finally retreated into the night.
1	in 2004 he transferred to deportivo cuenca.
1	below it the temperature is above freezing.
1	there are lapidary clubs throughout the world.
1	digital satellite broadcasts began in september 1995.
1	all songs are traditional unless otherwise noted.
1	this can be good noise for dithering.
1	events from the year 1943 in scotland.
1	steve perks 58 english footballer (shrewsbury town).
1	the rise and fall of economic growth.
1	heligoland generally refers to the former island.
1	no municipalities are located in concord township.
1	some major centers had already been abandoned.
1	kuroe station opened on november 1 1966.
1	the latin fervere means literally to boil.
1	the village has a population of 962.
1	was machst du hier im bett allein?
1	all three seats became vacant in 2018.
1	los huisaches is located at (27.907028 99.475803).
1	a detective who collects intelligence for jin-woo.
1	kapila was born in india in 1955.
1	the village has a population of 30.
1	athletes representing hong kong also must quarantine.
1	the abbreviation of luaz exists since 1967.
1	prieto would subsequently be diagnosed with ptsd.
1	nobody wants to tour all the time.
1	it formed part of 26 engineer group.
1	his tomb is located at bangla road.
1	they had two children eoghan and phillida.
1	on february 12 bolshevik forces attacked alytus.
1	during his episcopate several monasteries were founded.
1	more extensive are finds from roman times.
1	the two stayed together until her death.
1	it works with a rotating jury system.
1	campion's lord's masque was published in 1616.
1	the teams are grouped via casting lots.
1	in 2018 the exam was conducted again.
1	these flowers are ascending in subcapitate racemes.
1	shanta shelke was born in indapur pune.
1	personal mandates andrus ansip (re) 22,540 votes.
1	the sickle-like dorsal spines shorten with age.
1	personal mandates mart laar (i) 7,631 votes.
1	slowly the village was built up again.
1	in 1965 he moved to kamaryut township.
1	the sanitary and medical facilities were insufficient.
1	so what do you say brother pushkin?
1	then it became the malcolm mclaren story.
1	he was claimant from 1846 to 1873.
1	brown won the fight via unanimous decision.
1	but he is impressed with the list.
1	for valuable service to the canadian army.
1	its headquarters are located in osisioma town.
1	petter solberg was the defending drivers' champion.
1	the system operates in armenia up today.
1	other clauses increased penalties and assisted enforcement.
1	a prime example of a modern full-back.
1	smith was born in deloraine manitoba canada.
1	the movie features an all star cast.
1	it was written and produced by palmer.
1	grihasti is based upon the khurana family.
1	the episode was directed by miguel sapochnik.
1	lajevardi was born in tehran in 1935.
1	too many perjure themselves and break oaths.
1	it was released on united artists ua-xw891-y.
1	evinrude began in milwaukee wisconsin in 1907.
1	in a july 2009 interview with tarakany!
1	through downfall or victory our voices raise.
1	there is also a tall climbing wall.
1	many people buy mice as companion pets.
1	the nebula is catalogued as gn 18.05.6.
1	there can be several reasons for tailgating.
1	sprechgesang is a combination singing and speaking.
1	they have an unpleasant smell when crushed.
1	laverne krause was born in portland oregon.
1	new weston is located at (40.336842 84.644763).
1	it was built between 1869 and 1872.
1	riparelli enrico il volto del cristo dualista.
1	that site was sold in the 1980s.
1	it was described by breuning in 1957.
1	it is located in nur-sultan formerly astana.
1	she returned to vijaynagar after rama's comeback.
1	they have a daughter named soundarya acharya.
1	derivatives of metalladithiacarboxylic acids are also known.
1	innocent people have been slaughtered too often.
1	moorish idols typically are very picky eaters.
1	coup d'etat is an album by muslimgauze.
1	king sobhuza ii memorial park lobamba eswatini.
1	the slave name was rev. wilson brown.
1	archaic spellings include nieuland nieulandt and nijland.
1	lou and drew soon become close friends.
1	the grk vine only has female flowers.
1	it was also deliaj's first career silverware.
1	this is also available as a screenplay.
1	the band broke up in march 2006.
1	this species was described in south america.
1	it was written by carl fredrik engelstad.
1	the game includes a two-player cooperative mode.
1	recipients of these prizes are listed below.
1	goya's ghosts received poor reviews from critics.
1	in a july 2007 interview with thehill.
1	it is i lhadar who feel sad.
1	but these trainings were just as hobbies.
1	d. in journalism from southern illinois university.
1	gyan chauper reached england around the 1890s.
1	the bishari population numbers around 42,000 individuals.
1	in 2011 long yang became a hostess.
1	and drink fresh water of glacial lakes.
1	she joined shake on 4 october 2009.
1	the register dates from the year 1851.
1	he worked in oils ink and chalk.
1	he was born into a prominent family.
1	both ariba and krone work for zakteman.
1	it is a native species to australia.
1	the brigade attacked again on 12 september.
1	newspapers are typically published daily or weekly.
1	he played college football at florida atlantic.
1	this release is not supported by lucasarts.
1	slavka maneva 75 macedonian writer and poet.
1	head is closely punctured with black antennae.
1	habitations consisted of round thatched stone huts.
1	wilson graduated from union college in 1840.
1	cook ran the full schedule in 1998.
1	this small plug is called a microcomedo.
1	they started playing live the same year.
1	over time it has undergone numerous restorations.
1	tibet 78 french comics artist and writer.
1	john l. mcnab delivered hoover's nomination address.
1	on november 21 2018 5777152 manitoba ltd.
1	we rely upon you for further information.
1	development on the game began in 1991.
1	fingerprints and iris scans are not included.
1	sol harrison served as the company's president.
1	in 2012 the school became an academy.
1	in egypt shadoofs and sakias are used.
1	it was founded on january 29 1967.
1	soon the two are deeply in love.
1	tasha tudor 92 american author and illustrator.
1	active get set promises day nursery chesterfield.
1	several dgvms appeared in the middle 1990s.
1	the episode aired on october 5 2018.
1	she has also hosted programs on kurdsat.
1	she lives and works in sulaimaniya iraq.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	pratt was born in peru new york.
1	the station is now a private house.
1	gailey was born in fawn grove pennsylvania.
1	the ground has also held list-a matches.
1	sacred heart parish was established in 1952.
1	many serbs consider princip a national hero.
1	subsequently on july 30 foltynewicz was outrighted.
1	he married joanna clodagh houldsworth in 1981.
1	there was also henio's profile on facebook.
1	new considerably enlarged revised and corrected edn.
1	in 2006 he was elected state representative.
1	as war minister messimy proposed other reforms.
1	patriotic union knew he would be killed.
1	later the joes completely take the fortress.
1	thaiyamma is attracted by velan's entertaining nature.
1	the marines were part of multinational brigade.
1	he also published books for other people.
1	her father boris died in october 2018.
1	the film was a major commercial success.
1	he retired from the commons in 1955.
1	he has authored or edited many books.
1	it originally aired on september 22 2011.
1	the port is primarily a commercial port.
1	it marked the malayalam debut of revathi.
1	the community is southwest of little meadows.
1	he was the 31st premier of victoria.
1	in addition new control schemes are introduced.
1	lipcani is located in the bessarabia region.
1	its provide a number of recreational opportunities.
1	the award was created by bill tuckey.
1	living a dog's lifejazzy juicy and me.
1	it is found in colombia and venezuela.
1	she was sailing from london to shields.
1	it is native to the indo-pacific area.
1	at abydos there are several royal chapels.
1	to preclude that brain death is required.
1	countdown music bank show champion and inkigayo.
1	artnak has won one itf singles title.
1	it was released on july 17 2018.
1	hong kong sar issued gold millennium stamps.
1	both records are yet to be beaten.
1	it served this purpose until march 1914.
1	during the fight the leader abducts amoa.
1	ramon graduated from high school in 1972.
1	pall expanded the business adding additional products.
1	it is located off nebraska highway 56.
1	their accurate network formed small rectangular blocks.
1	only four test playing nations were participated.
1	johnson moved to cattaraugus county in 1843.
1	its territory was about 6200 square miles.
1	the company's general director is igor khafizov.
1	james dime as a man at auction.
1	it is uncertain how long he served.
1	this fossil is one billion years old.
1	independent association of the banks of ukraine.
1	this conference started ai as a field.
1	the wetlands began forming in the mid-1920s.
1	this helps us to fix his date.
1	the argentine hocicudo is sometimes considered conspecific.
1	it was decided on 1 august 1905.
1	it was processed at prasad laboratory chennai.
1	south african bibliography to the year 1925.
1	the population of rosedale is roughly 500.
1	theresa randle as brenda williams dresser's girlfriend.
1	he also authored several books and essays.
1	it was greatest thing that ever happened.
1	it was described by breuning in 1966.
1	saint augustine parish was founded in 1835.
1	shirayuki was decommisioned on 27 april 2016.
1	the movie received mixed reviews from critics.
1	pdp candidate ephraim nwuzu won the election.
1	the company grew to have 45 employees.
1	their daughter patricia was born in 1942.
1	what is the secular basis of judaism?
1	all songs were written by katrina johansson.
1	the u-boat first obtained permission to attack.
1	initially irish ships sailed in british convoys.
1	he died while visiting england in 1836.
1	confederation of european scouts established in 1978.
1	briggs himself falls in love with her.
1	in december 2014 pobednik was renamed rad.
1	a history of card games oup oxford.
1	murnac is a monosaccharide derivative of n-acetylglucosamine.
1	art the age newspaper 2 october 2007.
1	tina is currently weaning her latest child.
1	it is found in cameroon and zambia.
1	commissioners work with lay teams and professionals.
1	the council is elected every four years.
1	currently there are 47 national assembly constituencies.
1	the most recent discovery was gola dhoro.
1	arlebrook is a village in gloucestershire england.
1	capital continued broadcasting eventually increasing its hours.
1	the barracks were used only for accommodation.
1	bellomont ordered a posthumous pardon of leisler.
1	each story has a moral to it.
1	the poem is probably not very old.
1	the dam is used for power production.
1	his offer with certain modifications was accepted.
1	church of saint anthony built in 1615.
1	she retired in 1986 at age 65.
1	it was removed during the japanese occupation.
1	the years in school were not pleasant.
1	otu petre georgescu maria: durchleuchtung eines verrats.
1	and so that's a very tricky one.
1	writer john nichols composed the book's forward.
1	taking personal time for building interpersonal relationships.
1	ba is a specialist in tumor immunology.
1	the battered silicon dispatch box press 2006.
1	two videos projected together in a corner.
1	circa 1821 he and hugh johnston sr.
1	she was born in srirangapatna (near mysore).
1	opinion can be both right and wrong.
1	mikhail lyubimov (2016) a kind of chef-d'oeuvre.
1	he had a car picking him up.
1	the is a lay-oriented nichiren buddhist group.
1	rffa club take on isa town club.
1	the club's colors are blue and white.
1	her port of registry was phnom penh.
1	which is a subsidiary of sony corporation.
1	it won the 2009 theodore sturgeon award.
1	it adopted its current name in 2004.
1	pubborka is accessible through national highway 31.
1	in 2017 he signed in for kabuscorp.
1	the engine was rated at 178 nhp.
1	it liberalised the constitution along democratic lines.
1	mangan was troubled eccentric and an alcoholic.
1	panchfulabai harne jr. college rest house rd.
1	it is found in argentina and chile.
1	the florets are yellow with toothed tips.
1	his medal of honor was awarded posthumously.
1	gravicalymene convolva shirley 1936 by original designation.
1	he worked under the name edward ward.
1	later versions leave all this stuff out.
1	searches did not lead to any discoveries.
1	the couple were married in june 2012.
1	they are told not to spoil her.
1	brownley is divorced and has two children.
1	the game released on april 20 1990.
1	bronze statue created by george edward wade.
1	every yearbook has a single unified theme.
1	it is found in bolivia and peru.
1	he was also active as a composer.
1	the following day bbc light programme began.
1	it displays the user interface for unidrv.
1	faculty activities take place within organizational units.
1	the screenplay is written by mohan raghavan.
1	it was mainly frequented by traveling merchants.
1	since then all their music was self-produced.
1	rd-0124 engines are used on the soyuz-2.
1	king gyanendra investiture medal (4 june 2001).
1	the mill leat was dug in 1291.
1	her work is mostly out of print.
1	bary was born and died in gouda.
1	the american journal of sociology 82 687-690.
1	he moved to san francisco in 1983.
1	leong was born in st. louis missouri.
1	construction of the cathedral began in 1563.
1	around early 1997 the organization ceased activity.
1	she would serve this role until 1971.
1	braniff international airways ends its concorde service.
1	however church-run primary schools are usually single-sex.
1	beechland near vicksburg became a ghost town.
1	l in zones 45 to 89 deg.
1	on the july 22 episode of impact!
1	this stage is scheduled for august 2010.
1	the phylogenetic position of lamontichthys remains uncertain.
1	bret hart has no involvement in hlw.
1	their counteroffer would probably be 50,000-55,000 dollars.
1	the imperial mexican infantry was dispersed easily.
1	the minsk-23 went into production in 1966.
1	later this engine became the bristol jupiter.
1	inside the venue is three licensed bars.
1	the last marines returned in july 1991.
1	the village has a population of 300.
1	she also has a degree in art.
1	the town site was gazetted in 1922.
1	the original total area was 15 hectares.
1	this is contradicted by christison's own daughter.
1	she was also a four-time ncaa all-american.
1	he is now a contributor from australia.
1	he is officially billed as its writer.
1	lhadar has no choice not to go.
1	the software contains a packet filter firewall.
1	good people might also have a conscience.
1	then it began to be published bimonthly.
1	she is the eldest of three children.
1	it is a pest of anacardium occidentale.
1	the stock price surged to over $100.
1	bhushan says by producing a music album.
1	in 2020 the town had 839 inhabitants.
1	he primarily works with paper and ink.
1	estimate in the 1958 victorian year book.
1	he later worked for cbs and abc.
1	triple h targeted the rock's injured arm.
1	on the march 8 episode of impact!
1	jimmy wyble 87 american guitarist heart failure.
1	borisova began learning to skate in 2003.
1	it was nationalized on 1 june 1977.
1	past advertising campaigns however have been conspicuous.
1	i admire hitler and mussolini very much.
1	it is a two-story gable-roof stone residence.
1	banned in several countries at the time.
1	but it was relegated three years later.
1	it was described by wileman in 1914.
1	the future of adventism: theology society experience.
1	stats reflect time with the penguins only.
1	jason prays to god to help him.
1	the smell and flavor are very strong.
1	washington d.c. also provides medical amnesty protection.
1	kumi recorded five songs for megazone 23.
1	words must be considered in their context.
1	they formerly competed in the erste liga.
1	all subsequent appeals failed to some extent.
1	blowers was born in auckland new zealand.
1	it is approximately north of north battleford.
1	all appointments were approved by hetman skoropadskyi.
1	societies operate under perpetual scarcity of resources.
1	howard finkel acted as the ring announcer.
1	leonid nechayev 70 russian film director stroke.
1	mvp was jeremy pargo (maccabi tel aviv).
1	melita is the latin name for malta.
1	the classes were held in the evening.
1	cleopatra pledges her fleet to aid antony.
1	on the december 9 episode of impact!
1	cook hosted outdoor's 10 best in 2010.
1	bill ritchie 78 scottish comic book artist.
1	he took office on july 1 1877.
1	beside the river is the george hotel.
1	world athletics is headed by a president.
1	adam alexander dawson 96 british film editor.
1	noel resigned from the mayorship in 1927.
1	serious damage was reported near the epicenter.
1	the joint rebel offensive was ultimately repelled.
1	anthrenus versicolor reitter 1887 florilinus or nathrenus?
1	in 1986 tass times in tonetown followed.
1	it was released under the end records.
1	she rules the rural part of maharashtra.
1	in 1977 he married mary gavin anderson.
1	blackmore studied contemporary dance at concordia university.
1	in service with the sri lanka army.
1	bousis comes from aek athens' youth ranks.
1	an investigation was launched the next morning.
1	south webster is located at (38.815454 82.726091).
1	social activities include eating drinking and entertainment.
1	the winner was brisbane architect francis jones.
1	malayalam cine technicians association (macta) honorary membership.
1	both engle and his wife were jewish.
1	there is currently no scheduled air service.
1	chart compares the sun to hd 138573.
1	truck delivery has replaced the delivery boys.
1	the ravens won 16 straight from 1946-54.
1	cressday is a locality in alberta canada.
1	some theme parks take less rigorous approaches.
1	it started operation on 25 september 2010.
1	hohenstein-ernsthal is located about west of chemnitz.
1	helder also later trained with charles santley.
1	polo de beaulieu j. berlioz p. collomb.
1	katharyn and the three children survived him.
1	no further britwellian candidates have been nominated.
1	the ciro-flex produced by ciro cameras inc.
1	rosario had five men wounded two severely.
1	crystals form after 6 to 7 days.
1	this party was the ruling political party.
1	its 2006 population was estimated at 1,582.
1	lowe covers south florida for wptv newschannel5.
1	medial temporal lobe type of brain atrophy.
1	lightspeed was bought over by kalaam telecom.
1	nishimwe is the eldest of five children.
1	livy says the clusian army was destroyed.
1	san marino consequently became a one-party state.
1	nirvan kand bhasha also mentions of ashtapada.
1	in july nakanoue officially signed with bjw.
1	the dagda was an ancient irish deity.
1	length distinction and nasalization also occur non-contrastively.
1	viticulture was rich during the roman period.
1	it was meant to resemble a postcard.
1	capablanca was born in 1888 in havana.
1	six men were killed and three injured.
1	in 1962 the first generator was commissioned.
1	the general contractor is leighton contractors (philippines).
1	tennant ran for the senate in 2014.
1	she is on good terms with rinka.
1	pvc tiles are prone to some issues.
1	she went on to reach the semifinals.
1	wilson county is divided into fifteen townships.
1	it was released on 17 september 2012.
1	control points are captured by touching them.
1	pulich warren m. birds of tarrant county.
1	this occurrence was relatively small-scale and brief.
1	the foot soldiers of the delza army.
1	emergency medical technician course mro and mrt.
1	it features the sixth doctor and peri.
1	the bolshevik revolution and its historical consequences.
1	it was held on outdoor grass courts.
1	marfin bank changed owners in june 2017.
1	it opened to the public in 2011.
1	once again he is a great success.
1	the local sports team is stod il.
1	it is marked by its stark simplicity.
1	for services to social and community enterprise.
1	papers university of queensland department of chemistry.
1	at club level hanrahan plays with douglas.
1	jennet humphrey and nicholas return from dancing.
1	the human perirhinal cortex and recognition memory.
1	co-authored with robert blair and leon simmons.
1	eight of the 11 crewmembers were killed.
1	in ad 572 yuwen hu was killed.
1	it entered us service in early 1942.
1	in form it resembles shakespeare's pastoral comedies.
1	the next day the request was granted.
1	however their efforts did not move salazar.
1	loyola furtado died on 23 august 1981.
1	he asked for time to introduce counsel.
1	lifts from platforms has also been proposed.
1	i always felt very alive doing it.
1	his band were all of the buffalo-hunter-class.
1	they were completely at ease with him.
1	holt's version features vin gordon on trombone.
1	light and are naked long around 1.2-1.
1	damp usually refers to the word moist.
1	the traditional religion of jarai is animism.
1	red-bloods those who have not undergone augmentation.
1	he died of heart attack on 7-july-2006.
1	connects with polk county state-aid highway 21.
1	his area of teaching is graphic novel.
1	he initially came on trial before signing.
1	but i don't want to do it.
1	they also consumed substantial amounts of fish.
1	shady point is located at (35.128571 94.659726).
1	she proposed an alternative mechanism attenuation theory.
1	candace caine and the bah humbug christmas.
1	this gave howell his second relief loss.
1	the away kit consisted of white-green-white combination.
1	the bridge served from 1921 until 2006.
1	by 1850 the city's population was 81,000.
1	it was established in the year 1886.
1	died july 18 1906 in baltimore maryland.
1	campaigning was also suspended after her killing.
1	the muscati maltese nobility siculo musact family.
1	the single was released on october 12.
1	bijoch is a student at columbia university.
1	it was also used in illegal art.
1	he advises jim to enjoy his youth.
1	essential oils from the queensland flora xvi.
1	governor of massachusetts from 1935 to 1937.
1	a molded stone course connects their springlines.
1	david cushman coyle was born in 1887.
1	the attack ended on 27 july 1897.
1	he trained in star city near moscow.
1	she sang her first song sree varalakshmi.
1	pyralis is a genus of snout moths.
1	i have a wife and three kids.
1	it was apportioned to the drapers company.
1	he has no concern for human life.
1	barton founded expedia within microsoft in 1994.
1	she participated at the eurobasket women 2017.
1	this enzyme is also called choline sulphokinase.
1	it easily colonizes disturbed spots as well.
1	during this period chairs became more stylized.
1	between 1972-75 he worked as a stylist.
1	satna is famous for its scenic temples.
1	thus helping local communities in the process.
1	darina was born in hidalgo pachuca mexico.
1	it is found in the pacific ocean.
1	teams are composed of males and females.
1	the village has a population of 161.
1	nitrogen narcosis is a hazard when diving.
1	mussolini's political career seemed to be over.
1	it was during the time of bro.
1	eshkol regional council in the north-western negev.
1	managing to be at the top again.
1	they all join swords with yamamura tenzen.
1	at some point edward was renamed variable.
1	merrill places it in the section dicera.
1	the monuments are situated in mehrauli delhi.
1	iris lortetii is native to temperate asia.
1	consider the people in a conference room.
1	warehouses sprang up along the rail tracks.
1	the adamawa maintains a lively traditional culture.
1	blagoveshchensky was the son of a priest.
1	cyanobacteria are capable of natural genetic transformation.
1	the collaboration remained secret until september 2009.
1	the falling star an album by b!
1	he was born and died in paris.
1	many residents were farmers who raised livestock.
1	hina is married to roger dawood bayat.
1	louis macneice was a poet and playwright.
1	marshall frantz's illustrations from cosmopolitan were re-used.
1	in 1850 the township was roughly rectangular.
1	ovl subsequently opened an office in venezuela.
1	without that power you couldn't do it.
1	sorokin was born one of five children.
1	cu invites participation and fosters responsible stewardship.
1	cederlund carl olof (1997) nationalism eller vetenskap?
1	whitehead's problem cannot be resolved in zfc.
1	amtala is on the national highway 12.
1	the player can reveal it for characters.
1	he was of a nervous excitable temperament.
1	the stadium has a capacity of 2,950.
1	the victorian eight took the silver medal.
1	films include the tiger's tail and intermission.
1	it is known from argentina and brazil.
1	he must go on a business trip.
1	the station closed on 10 september 1951.
1	the name of the author is lost.
1	this technology grew and developed in alberta.
1	the lacks the pericope adulterae (john 7:53-8:11).
1	the parish church is st michael's kilmihil.
1	kilmihil's soccer club is named st. pat's.
1	towns county is inside the bible belt.
1	therefore the college was named after him.
1	the video prominently features mclennan and brown.
1	he studied at university college of swansea.
1	he graduated from the kirovabad industrial college.
1	toxicity is species-specific making cross-species analysis problematic.
1	the championships consisted of 24 european nations.
1	his fee was reportedly $50,000 an episode.
1	the finale aired on august 17 2021.
1	madill is about north of lake texoma.
1	but fear and insecurity guides casting decisions.
1	the first tramline was opened in 1935.
1	it contains only one species paracoeloglutus chilensis.
1	the hermes-a variant was trialed in 2003.
1	hammah was born on 28 august 1955.
1	democrats retained majority control in both chambers.
1	the identification of customer concerns and needs.
1	her father and husband were prominent ministers.
1	paul international airport and willmar municipal airport.
1	dobie james d. (ed dobie j.s.) (1876).
1	he found this to be quite tough.
1	sevastopol was a of the soviet navy.
1	bolshoy dvor is the nearest rural locality.
1	it was completed on december 10 2005.
1	he describes himself as a christian conservative.
1	he was minister until 25 june 2019.
1	silver river flume a traditional log flume.
1	kwabena adusa attended the university of ghana.
1	light meter with led indicator in viewfinder.
1	they also were not nominated for expulsion.
1	the plan was a work in progress.
1	the trans-siberian railway runs through the district.
1	welton rovers relegated from the premier division.
1	bill smith 80 english cricketer (wiltshire surrey).
1	enrollment varied widely depending on the term.
1	in 1988 he completed two post-graduate degrees.
1	it was one of the lascaris towers.
1	jung modeled for several online shopping malls.
1	they gain practice using the local language.
1	they are found primarily in north america.
1	his previously competed under the surname souquet.
1	abarth was chosen as the engine supplier.
1	souquet began learning to skate in 1998.
1	the artificial lake was created in 1972.
1	chitralahari was his first release of 2019.
1	cazenove's family later went back to france.
1	however there they met opposition and halted.
1	first and only time travel field trip.
1	italic denotes a former formula one circuit.
1	it takes place in a single group.
1	they had little good news to offer.
1	his parents were jewish and irish respectively.
1	the village has a population of 297.
1	when mint disbanded she turned to acting.
1	the station closed on 1 march 1917.
1	the ttc has more than 12,000 employees.
1	covey was born on june 15 1998.
1	janis claxton 53 australian choreographer lung cancer.
1	the cover was designed by alister pearson.
1	the song received a broadcast music inc.
1	almaz amirseitov director of premier records kz.
1	by robert w. mcchesney and john nichols.
1	in 2000 thomson-csf became the sole owner.
1	pardo nominally retired from nbc in 2004.
1	march 15: chris patton american voice actor.
1	he had no children by either marriage.
1	his book closure was published in 2001.
1	the company operated 638 stores across canada.
1	krueger is married and has two children.
1	the second development was cheaper video recorders.
1	mr. catra 49 brazilian singer stomach cancer.
1	thereafter it becomes a local shopping street.
1	sedan chairs were developed in the 1630s.
1	dock ellis was credited with the loss.
1	hanging within the steeple are two bells.
1	the film received $3,355,948 in gross sales.
1	the population is 3,626 as of 2020.
1	double laser flips have also been performed.
1	the little emperors (1951) by alfred duggan.
1	u.s. officials disputed the percentage for civilians.
1	american bombing raid in the north vietnam.
1	ivanildo rozenblad 24 surinamese footballer (s.v. robinhood).
1	addu bandeyri hasan manikufaan wrote dhiyoage raivaru.
1	the album includes traditional and original compositions.
1	in the same year synacor acquired nimbletv.
1	moreouer we find it thus in record.
1	the village has a population of 490.
1	american bmxer november 1989 vol.11 no.10 pg.
1	a 96 dimmer per circuit system exists.
1	it has not been published in english.
1	come with me and pause a while.
1	it is a grade i listed building.
1	he is married and has one son.
1	china and won 10 overall medals each.
1	didactic transposition is composed of multiple steps.
1	this kind of folding screen provided privacy.
1	he was released on september 19 2018.
1	the competition was won by paul jagger.
1	thus tee 'road' is pronounced as tie.
1	power boats and windsurfing are not permitted.
1	the film did poorly at the box-office.
1	cazalla is a village in murcia spain.
1	john wallis was born in ashford kent.
1	the first two attempts to reach mt.
1	the voir mission was canceled in 1982.
1	public and official hearing never took place.
1	craig irvin is an american operatic baritone.
1	gen4 magazines will work in older models.
1	games are no longer played on tuesdays.
1	the two courthouses have only minor differences.
1	the teams compete in a multi-stage tournament.
1	the strapwork cuts across the construction tessellation.
1	each iteration is represented with a node.
1	he was owner of estates in wysock.
1	ochterlony died before the schemes were begun.
1	she was assistant director of muzeum ziemi.
1	all proceeds will go to various charities.
1	dickson received 89% of the total vote.
1	ltd by yuen chau fung in 1963.
1	each half-hour episode includes two eleven-minute segments.
1	the penrose transform operates in two stages.
1	a demoralized retreat ensues led by rogers.
1	he was elected leader of the opposition.
1	kubernetes can be extended using custom resources.
1	the proud demons then started attacking brahma.
1	egertson was born in litchville north dakota.
1	publications from several public and private societies.
1	this resulted in a reduction in prizemoney.
1	he is also known as a sculptor.
1	instead he depicted three ears of barley.
1	it was re-released on november 12 2007.
1	video-game publications have commented on noctis' character.
1	the scapegoat by c b paton (1993).
1	women had permanently entered the paid workforce.
1	indugiare sul mondo con compassione abitare nr.
1	thomas harper of alveton lodge staffordshire 1647.
1	lambert was played by actress jessica raine.
1	lt. richard west bowen gloucestershire regiment attd.
1	dr. crandall pam's father the local veterinarian.
1	diving sea birds may also be affected.
1	the financial stability report publication has improved.
1	this is the current st lucian record.
1	his wife died on 8 march 1758.
1	he graduated with a md in 1956.
1	in 1555 lelio turned 30 years old.
1	bold indicates winner of the hottest 100.
1	the park is open from 5 a.m.
1	the council meets three times a year.
1	kublai khan twice attempted to invade japan.
1	it was described by adamski in 2005.
1	the traditional arrangements were restored from 1659.
1	they pulled the plug on us early.
1	each iteration is represented with a node.
1	he signed a contract until december 2016.
1	he began his journalism career at indosiar.
1	there are plans to further expand interstate.
1	interview ralph baer on we talk games.
1	most finals 4: ronnie baxter alan warriner-little.
1	the premiere aired thursday july 30 2009.
1	confucius's descendants in quzhou alone number 30,000.
1	the fins are small and very thin.
1	it contains text of the pericope adulterae.
1	it is the only napoleon township statewide.
1	since father-son share an enormous deep bond.
1	his father was a scholarly english clergyman.
1	ethel nowell andrews class of 1909 dies.
1	kits were also available for home completion.
1	grigoriy rechkalov scored 44 victories in airacobras.
1	its flesh is orange dark and sweet.
1	zachrich is currently ineligible for the tapology.
1	pitsen prefers to live in derelict lodges.
1	he has been professor emeritus since 2014.
1	t. nicefori is a very small snake.
1	and they did the famous caterpillar crawl.
1	bd6 but takes the aggressive approach instead.
1	the viper dogfish has no economic value.
1	her mother married john young in 1823.
1	the stated cause of death was cancer.
1	it is known from papua new guinea.
1	canadian ladies champion in 1903 and 1904.
1	next she performed at the adelphi theatre.
1	juno actor jason bateman defended the film.
1	it is the headquarter of nuapada district.
1	in 1972 he left berry for paris.
1	six pulsars are known in ngc 6624.
1	he lacks ambitions and only seeks tranquility.
1	the locality is a developing residential area.
1	they were the parents of nine children.
1	the seleucid empire is temporarily united again.
1	the transaction was completed in march 2015.
1	the bark is a coarse dark gray.
1	its native range is southern tropical america.
1	both of the players need a racket.
1	the finalists were announced on december 12.
1	the episode has received mostly positive reviews.
1	butler neighbourhood in hamilton named after him.
1	mickey tries to stop patsy from leaving.
1	in addition espanola has a public library.
1	together they are famous for building thebes.
1	the film was a box office flop.
1	a number of spring lobby clients exist.
1	the village still has a lobster fishery.
1	but phoebe got wind and confronted him.
1	the parish was in dorset until 1896.
1	three rounds and nine songs were played.
1	she is divorced and has one daughter.
1	uofl competes in 21 intercollegiate varsity sports.
1	later their colour was switched and alternated.
1	however she defeated cline two years later.
1	there is also the mother cabrini shrine.
1	the entire place was full of blood.
1	he spent his early childhood in amasya.
1	however this has diminished in recent years.
1	their long hours together sparked a romance.
1	it is even acknowledged by some leaders.
1	paul was now trapped in his marriage.
1	paul demanded to know what had happened.
1	this interconversion is mediated by butyryl-coa dehydrogenase.
1	she has an obsessive crush on sticky.
1	the population was 771 in 2011 census.
1	hence substance over form is the rule.
1	she represented the skating club of boston.
1	the northern grampians shire council offered assistance.
1	actual shooting took place on the lake.
1	cofounder robert s. clements died in 2007.
1	their conservation status is of least concern.
1	it is no longer available for clients.
1	each year students must attend a retreat.
1	le professeur belyaev et ses etranges ailes.
1	a sussex trug is a wooden basket.
1	see the views of robert l. webb.
1	following french custom the bells were named.
1	scilligo was born in the val formazza.
1	the working conditions were largely not refuted.
1	mahajan worked as an author and columnist.
1	lee was identified with the former camp.
1	similar processes happened in many chinese cities.
1	dave learned the wall (as a kid).
1	you have a fine healthy body now.
1	it was described by rothschild in 1933.
1	agenda schools were closed through school unification.
1	connecting and disconnecting a pressurised inflator hose.
1	in 1919 he joined the biplobi party.
1	capt. peter mathisen yorkshire light infantry attd.
1	the ending shows megan at malin's grave.
1	it is from urziceni and from bucharest.
1	the extra weight caught up to him.
1	newcastle upon tyne (uk): cambridge scholars publishing.
1	the negotiators returned with an optimistic report.
1	he was scoreless with six penalty minutes.
1	in later life abel became completely blind.
1	they support a large array of wildlife.
1	west flemish often has a double subject.
1	but there are varying opinions on this.
1	it presumably contained a verse praising shiva.
1	a number of other organisations responded positively.
1	kallingarayan was a thirteenth-century kongu nadu chieftain.
1	sixteen compact discs were issued through 2005.
1	he later achieved the rank of colour-sergeant.
1	the film garnered mixed to negative reviews.
1	the general flow of the document continues.
1	the following code illustrates an often-used function.
1	people associate high priced items with success.
1	her parents moved with her to ithaca.
1	the primary method of learning on kadenze.
1	the arms and legs are strongly banded.
1	taylor joined the sec network in 2014.
1	it was named after micha josef berdyczewski.
1	he was an executive with sun newspapers.
1	substrate influence in the creoles of suriname.
1	sesselmann is divorced and has two children.
1	it is found only in new zealand.
1	wolf now lives in los angeles california.
1	she plays the harp and the piano.
1	capt. hervey carleton hawkins welsh regiment attd.
1	by 1928 over 11,000 suspects were arrested.
1	burial 177 was a small chamber cist.
1	the tenth volume of uwasa no midori-kun!
1	their average lifespan is about 2 years.
1	it is a strong source of x-rays.
1	the jews are expelled from mainz germany.
1	read is married and had one daughter.
1	mary alice shaver married to h. wittenberg.
1	why is wisdom likened to a tree?
1	outdoor stories are represented by tree pictures.
1	he received his knighthood (kcvo) in 1991.
1	each has been found to have planets.
1	those built with estilo temblorero remained standing.
1	the turboprop thus formed was named asp.
1	their fifth studio album the spaghetti incident?
1	seven authors were selected from around india.
1	richards was born in urswick cumbria england.
1	doherty worked as an apprentice heating engineer.
1	a field guide to contemporary american architecture.
1	nowadays the company still bears his name.
1	she unfolds the note and is devastated.
1	the crew consisted of only 18 men.
1	the larger coins were then melted down.
1	the village has a population of 40.
1	c. r. gregory saw it in 1885.
1	it is in the fornax dwarf galaxy.
1	bill cosby for why is there air?
1	good nature was released on august 25.
1	he died in pine grove in 1873.
1	it is very successful especially in gymnastic.
1	in june 2005 gm-94 with thermobaric vgm-93.
1	our contract with sofil was crumbling away.
1	many gascons then joined the english army.
1	he competed in the 1936 summer olympics.
1	the r130 highway connects rudnya to demidov.
1	however this is not always the case.
1	it was announced on september 29 2014.
1	it is the nerve of bogra town.
1	it is endemic to the solomon islands.
1	the building has been refurbished in 2017.
1	she lived to be 103 years old.
1	in programming language design and implementation 2001.
1	the tenement has been renovated in 2021.
1	lord was a man of catholic interests.
1	this record has since been beaten twice.
1	it consists of marine dolomites and limestones.
1	events in the year 1902 in germany.
1	it has been linked to job satisfaction.
1	very few of these houses have survived.
1	the zoo parc overloon a small zoo.
1	the fingers and toes are partially webbed.
1	his father was an immigrant from ireland.
1	the original 2005 estimate was $2.75 billion.
1	ames hydroelectric generating plant colorado united states.
1	it has a population of 1,218 residents.
1	kits may or may not include yeast.
1	d. in american studies from yale university.
1	chiti returned to the rangers in 2002.
1	it is overlain by the dawson arkose.
1	cheong is a resident of pinehill auckland.
1	it was released on march 16 2017.
1	the land around the site is cultivated.
1	he also founded the usaf bandsman school.
1	thereafter he resumed the practice of law.
1	co-edited with martin levin and martin shapiro.
1	the village has a population of 648.
1	watfor created at the university of waterloo.
1	it is located in the bhiwandi taluka.
1	team and individual goals must be coordinated.
1	goldfarb attempted to find a cheaper quote.
1	he passed london matriculation and intermediate examinations.
1	the village has a population of 2,202.
1	topics include occupational stress and workplace mistreatment.
1	london buses route 399 serves the station.
1	the track was generally well-received from critics.
1	the album received domestic and international acclaim.
1	it is also used for lignin quantitation.
1	he walked-on at division ii ashland university.
1	the foundation for training programs is learning.
1	the community contains west clay elementary school.
1	later a british blockade restricted its movement.
1	but now the onus is on us.
1	hederman expanded the staff and news budget.
1	this may be regarded as his work.
1	lord sinclair died on 1 april 2004.
1	there he shall cope with the papists.
1	kantha was born on 14 may 1955.
1	jane e. buikstra and kenneth c. nystrom.
1	voter turnout was reported to be 99.7%.
1	he was a guggenheim fellow in 1942.
1	mine workers fly-in fly-out through ekati airport.
1	auckland grammar school moves to mt eden.
1	bagatelle in d major for piano op.
1	the landscape was shaped after rock placement.
1	the hirakud dam regulates of mahanadi's drainage.
1	he was released on october 18 2017.
1	the festival celebrated the innovation in cinema.
1	the galleries are open from 9 a.m.
1	he received his master's degree and ph.
1	it was described by walsingham in 1910.
1	he was a substitute for honour gombami.
1	he committed suicide on 26 december 1989.
1	the club was managed by harry wolverton.
1	he had three children and five grandchildren.
1	verwood's first supermarket opened in the 1980s.
1	the current station was built in 1973.
1	the life and work of caroline walker.
1	there are three schools within the district.
1	the building dates from the 18th century.
1	a further fragment was recovered in ugarit.
1	brad mayo from bay of plenty asst.
1	the runway is west of the town.
1	there are different versions of his death.
1	they made 11.11% profit on their investment.
1	this chain was transferred to swire resources.
1	they were previously called chicos in australia.
1	el amor en tiempo de acuario 2002.
1	this margin compares revenue to variable cost.
1	the station lies on a raising verge.
1	date of company antonio videgain uned www.
1	as part of the 2012 marvel now!
1	it is located in tyresta national park.
1	he was granted rancho nicasio in 1844.
1	pruitt began her doctoral research in 1983.
1	nakanai has over time experienced lexical innovation.
1	his brother esteban salinas also plays handball.
1	c. cathayensis has gills and an operculum.
1	in these reports kidd is often headless.
1	li ying was governor of henan commandery.
1	initially they were connected across the rhine.
1	the comintern and the middle east 1925-1939.
1	whites and africans just did not mix.
1	all three games end in 6-to-5 scores.
1	the highway crosses over the bush river.
1	it was released on january 18 1986.
1	spaces received general acclaim upon its release.
1	barbados is known for its many roundabouts.
1	home games are played at potterne park.
1	the town is divided into several districts.
1	the work ends with a hushed prayer.
1	some tournaments also provide housing for participants.
1	she is buried in ivy hill cemetery.
1	marilyn moore is an american contemporary basketmaker.
1	the president pro tempore is del marsh.
1	the larvae probably feed on albizia species.
1	unemployment was reduced to 10.7% in 2003.
1	kevin harper completed a 52-yard field goal.
1	in 2018 aberfan was transcribed for brass.
1	pyle served as the clinic's first administrator.
1	netflix closed red envelope entertainment in 2008.
1	american companies therefore heavily valued the oil.
1	a nation without culture has no soul.
1	humphrey milford oxford university press oxford 1924.
1	its administrative seat was located in mana.
1	the balconies have light weight metal balustrades.
1	shashi kapoor also appears in dual role.
1	it was described by breuning in 1966.
1	their father patrick nothomb was a diplomat.
1	the building was designed by adolf cluss.
1	a notable band is la banda jerez.
1	the album was generally well-received by critics.
1	winner of the 2004 children's book awards.
1	the series was canceled in march 1995.
1	she carries a goose as her insignia.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	leaves are tubular shorter than the scape.
1	he retired from the game in 1998.
1	child upbringing and moral teaching in islam.
1	demos received 30.32% while cox received 24.61%.
1	rakowitz is a germanized slavic habitational surname.
1	it was described by dosal in 1996.
1	some imprisoned by death in their graves.
1	there are also campgrounds and caravan parks.
1	the community was named after reena hooker.
1	annual review of ecology and systematics 13:315-347.
1	numerous niche apportionment models have been developed.
1	o'connor was born in westport in 1958.
1	chakraborty was born on 11 february 1989.
1	gustavson graduated from michigan state in 1972.
1	all these things go through one's mind.
1	i think he did a great job.
1	the adrian allen associates dekalb illinois 1953.
1	note that there are two feedback loops.
1	he has toured the african continent twice.
1	he was born in beckington in somerset.
1	she also lived many years in germany.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	his predecessor was republican edward t. scott.
1	numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute.
1	ava gardner was announced as granger's co-star.
1	the ambai are a sub-tribe of melanesia.
1	quirino sought to significantly expand executive power.
1	non-vegetarians eat chicken mutton buffalo and pork.
1	it was named after its capital lazharia.
1	us 219 then heads northeast into union.
1	the race was won by eric vanderaerden.
1	the guests recovered mostly from their injuries.
1	in 1852 cole moved to san francisco.
1	there are 2 people who speak romansh.
1	writing letters and op-eds to local newspapers.
1	tollygunge was merged with kolkata in 1953.
1	they are not used as often today.
1	the journal is published by springer boston.
1	moorhead soon sold his arcadia phosphate co.
1	the gchr initially focused on school desegregation.
1	pyle's activism was grounded in media production.
1	it mixes regularly with other oriole species.
1	i kinda focus my energy there band.
1	he is married and has three children.
1	beat boy was poorly received by critics.
1	toshi begins sleeping with the stripper akemi.
1	he was cremated at golders green crematorium.
1	her work includes photography video and performance.
1	for 2014 the prize purse was $115,000.
1	a closed loop control system is used.
1	the second edition was published in 2020.
1	cheaper varieties can be diluted with apples.
1	mary hilton morag styles and victor watson.
1	he had two more top-10s that year.
1	walkers carry illuminated lanterns of different colors.
1	she played soccer and was named all-state.
1	a boot is a type of footwear.
1	they had a son and two daughters.
1	jim (dudgeon) and maddy riley are newly-weds.
1	half belonged to the charles nelson co.
1	dale beach has a blue flag award.
1	the turnout of the election was 74.67%.
1	it offers mba programmes for executive education.
1	tasmania was rifted off during this stage.
1	danube river commission is an international organisation.
1	aurangzeb's sister roshan-ara who died in 1671.
1	instead daughtry has been playing it live.
1	there was just one drum on there.
1	an estimated people visit the waterfall annually.
1	sheila has one daughter born in 2007.
1	patch antenna another antenna for gps applications.
1	the book value of ypf was us$4.
1	it winters down hill and further south.
1	the first boom ended in the mid-1980s.
1	no social or occupational classes are distinguished.
1	the atlas took five years to complete.
1	elections normally take place every four years.
1	elaine margaret sadler is an australian astrophysicist.
1	silver award medal new york festivals 2008.
1	the remarks were recorded two days prior.
1	pat sharp (2008-2009) saturdays 12.00pm to 3.00pm.
1	at other times he is quite vain.
1	these shrines are registered as cultural monuments.
1	nun bricht aus allen zweigen song op.
1	he has also sung in several choirs.
1	feustel performed three spacewalks during the mission.
1	had international caps for their respective countries.
1	the founding of the communal settlement nofit.
1	generally entity refers to the entire company.
1	hurricane in galveston is a lost film.
1	he was also involved in swine breeding.
1	iraq was the location of the footage.
1	darya domracheva of belarus won the title.
1	the first season consists of 20 episodes.
1	mcfadden started that opening victory against tyrone.
1	it was released on july 11 2013.
1	archived from the original (pdf) on 2011-07-26.
1	biddines has released several official music videos.
1	she married bhai nidhan singh of patti.
1	he chaired the war office reconstitution committee.
1	it also has a gc-content of 32.04%.
1	uighur children appeared in an isis video.
1	this species is endemic to new zealand.
1	her death came after an extended illness.
1	the first bridge was completed in 1958.
1	she died in 2004 at age 93.
1	the club colors are yellow and green.
1	it is a prototypic broletto of lombardy.
1	dewhirst's history in this area is unknown.
1	double cd reissue on purple pyramid records.
1	inmates are allowed six visits a month.
1	he was interred in mound view cemetery.
1	the roc increased its investment in nicaragua.
1	dingleberry lake is a popular camping site.
1	it covers and area of 6,500 hectares.
1	the 305 had a bore and stroke.
1	he's a quiet but hot-blooded young man.
1	i always serve the ball like this.
1	the school's enrollment in 2020 is 647.
1	and he made that decision as well.
1	temp capt. john logan royal scots secd.
1	germany and italy pursue territorial expansionist agendas.
1	the company belongs to the keolis conglomerate.
1	he didn't seek re-election and left politics.
1	it is a tributary of courtois creek.
1	case of the saramaka people v. suriname.
1	the accident occurred in british east africa.
1	legislation finally passed on 21 november 2011.
1	he lost the fight via unanimous decision.
1	university of kansas publications in humanistic studies.
1	nosaj and sebastian's rhymes are often unintelligible.
1	on april 8 he reached sabine crossroads.
1	the riverfront walk in downtown sault ste.
1	the village has a population of 506.
1	he hails from ilesa osun state nigeria.
1	he was emanuel swedenborg's probable hebrew tutor.
1	zerex continued to support the racing series.
1	the attendance of 27,000 was a record.
1	the book received a variety of reviews.
1	he was educated at edinburgh collegiate school.
1	children with weapons appeared in the video.
1	chiesa di san giovanni in bragora tympan.
1	the 16s rrna gene of methanocaldococcus sp.
1	national liberation front of tripura of tripura.
1	she participated in the 1978 madrid marathon.
1	three large kitchens cooked and served meals.
1	talens stand for transcription activator-like effector nucleases.
1	ewan kennedy and peter barnwell from carsguide.
1	reviews of the collection have been limited.
1	the technique was first used in 1989.
1	new zealander bruce mclaren won in 1960.
1	it is called vana durga parameswari thirukovil.
1	south ossetia recognized the dpr in 2014.
1	another account says it was an accident.
1	beacon fc advance to the fourth round.
1	a viewing tower was built in 1973.
1	it contains material from the rock opera.
1	likud subsequently emerged with a parliamentary plurality.
1	a comet went into the purple palace.
1	piguet was born in geneva in 1859.
1	records indicate that it was never armed.
1	when a marriage proposal arrives for siva.
1	chan l. l.a. fitzgerald zamudio k. 2009.
1	alajuelense on bye to the third round.
1	the company manufactured carriages cars and bicycles.
1	there's so goddamn few of us left.
1	including cumulative tales and stories without end.
1	lifesize's headquarters is located in austin texas.
1	the baekje army killed their general ikjong.
1	stone's credentials made him appear highly qualified.
1	worth ryder artist curator and art professor.
1	three years later he returned to ministry.
1	it is known from armenia and azerbaijan.
1	the nearby thuburbo maius is in ruins.
1	less popular was the phantom empire (1988).
1	stephen thus came to jerusalem in 1171.
1	he was an alumnus of beloit college.
1	at this point castelverd lost his head.
1	london buses route 156 serve the station.
1	he translated the markandeya purana into telugu.
1	all together it consists of 138 municipalities.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	they also worship shiv parvati and ganesh.
1	executive power is exercised by the government.
1	the longest tail feathers are dark gray.
1	outside vassar huron avenue becomes saginaw road.
1	opensafety is in conformance with iec 61508.
1	a newsreel is a short documentary film.
1	s168 (ad811) cenwulf selling land to wulfred.
1	ravi philips was a sri lankan cricketer.
1	volume vi (1889) 1700-1760 608 pp. robidoux.
1	i was happily wrong on both counts.
1	the tomb retains some of its decoration.
1	several different configurations of t3d were available.
1	the student to teacher ratio is 18:1.
1	they both play for ystrad rhondda rfc.
1	it was released by the biograph company.
1	haque was born on 1 july 1957.
1	it was described by kraatz in 1873.
1	freeboard was approximately forward and about aft.
1	of course individuals belong to multiple groups.
1	the team was established in january 2018.
1	sunday strips are colored by george corsillo.
1	he died from peritonitis after contracting influenza.
1	she and her husband were second cousins.
1	among men western dressing has greater acceptance.
1	fled with his brother after killing them.
1	the museum opened on july 19 1941.
1	if he's not you won't like it.
1	across the sea of time grossed $16,015,639.
1	the tradition of the church is anglo-catholic.
1	thanks to a boskamp and k snijder!
1	black and gold are the school colors.
1	fourteen of its members were ministers also.
1	he has played professional hockey in belgium.
1	altogether teal appeared five times on cheyenne.
1	annually it determines educational standards for schools.
1	sempre studies in the psychology of music.
1	he is the former director-general of unesco.
1	xenoturbella has a very simple body plan.
1	he leads a team of 25 magistrates.
1	university of kansas publications in humanistic studies.
1	he was waived on august 6 2011.
1	he is the technical director at arsenal.
1	the chef sues the owner for negligence.
1	teal was born in grand rapids michigan.
1	there is also a large empirical component.
1	the village has a population of 280.
1	the village has a population of 43.
1	there were many discussions for the same.
1	his seat was taken by haviv shimoni.
1	nothing remotely like this episode actually happened.
1	the pair feel they have met before.
1	the address was 218 visagie street pretoria.
1	the floods subsided in about 20 minutes.
1	other local officials resigned when facing charges.
1	walter de gruyter berlin 1953 (read online).
1	both a and l are in millimeters.
1	socceroos star tim cahill wrote the foreword.
1	it provides ferry services to hong kong.
1	bong and unicorn also joined the icac.
1	giles cadle is a british set designer.
1	before opening is another nine holes circuit.
1	one of the masses music for peace.
1	in 2017 the commune had 656 inhabitants.
1	the fluids in the ears affect balance.
1	orange springs is located at (29.5058 81.9456).
1	occasionally forester's houses have a defensive character.
1	it is also found in neighboring kwazulu-natal.
1	milder skies come when i am gone.
1	the leaves are lobed or deeply toothed.
1	george hughes became the chief mechanical engineer.
1	an experience 6 years in the making.
1	they had three daughters and one son.
1	in early 2017 young saw major success.
1	d.p. thomson (ed.) how i found christ.
1	two national parks are in the province.
1	the school also has an office coordinator.
1	revised edition 1975 with vernon l. singleton.
1	it has a height of 600 m.a.
1	measuring and modeling speech production in humans.
1	sarah jane pretends that she has succumbed.
1	peter philip hawkins business support auditor naafi.
1	her final lines are irritating beyond belief.
1	this example obeys the but for test.
1	she is also szeto ming's younger sister.
1	he was released on march 17 2006.
1	the new municipality belongs to region midtjylland.
1	ag that they had acquired in 1984.
1	several records were released in the 1980s.
1	in 2017 the municipality had 2,026 inhabitants.
1	ebony was used since the first dynasty.
1	he was a trustee of temple israel.
1	the resulting elo ratings are listed below.
1	it was described by inoue in 1989.
1	the semi-finals were held on 19 february.
1	uncal herniation may advance to central herniation.
1	crystal caves was inspired by miner 2049er.
1	it was built from 1830 to 1925.
1	the population was 530 as of 2010.
1	it was released by hasbro in 2019.
1	in june 2019 ibm cloud announced postgresql.
1	it is oviparous and lays planktonic eggs.
1	samuel lawrence of nantwich was his nephew.
1	he won an all-star award in 1982.
1	elsa cladera de bravo's life and work.
1	she again became involved in community projects.
1	apply dry shampoo to specific oily areas.
1	billany was born and raised in hull.
1	additional photography occurred in big bear lake.
1	sylvestre bonnard is an aging book collector.
1	they are used to construct artistic projects.
1	they toured the southeast heavily throughout 2016.
1	prior to 1945 it was in germany.
1	mullins quickly turned those teams into winners.
1	he initially studied under lucas de valdes.
1	ethnicity identification in kinniya urban council area.
1	it was described by kult in 1959.
1	jim has blackouts and becomes various artists.
1	zou is married and has a daughter.
1	the indiana supreme court rejected his appeal.
1	edward george william powell station honorary secretary.
1	some of these radomes were very large.
1	it is part of the kara-suu district.
1	blevins announced her retirement in june 2010.
1	archived by webcite on 11 november 2010.
1	he and terese reconcile and become engaged.
1	election history of district 21 from 1992.
1	this would be reinforced with gilded bronze.
1	the population was 252 as of 2010.
1	adapted from the in rainbows liner notes.
1	bradford was born in minot north dakota.
1	purpleheart is correspondingly difficult to work with.
1	hal software systems was hal's software division.
1	the passenger lounge was upgraded in 2004.
1	three people had died in the 2010s.
1	pythiaceae is a family of water moulds.
1	he died in 1983 in westminster colorado.
1	pennsylvania held its primaries on april 26.
1	church of the lukumi babalu aye inc.
1	the architect was thomas cundy the younger.
1	moving to london lynch took up journalism.
1	besides mathematics he was passionate about sailing.
1	time gave gunga din a positive review.
1	overbrook was annexed by ottawa in 1950.
1	he wept as did the other guests.
1	chris hemsworth was cast in november 2012.
1	he was released on march 26 2019.
1	british columbia and quebec charge similar premiums.
1	second single i still cry didn't chart.
1	sezgin is a common turkish given name.
1	the chancel also has a corbel table.
1	the sports union supports 53 sports clubs.
1	the ib diploma may also be accepted.
1	it opposes violence against women and racism.
1	the knights football program began in 1979.
1	mycena sanguinolenta is common and widely distributed.
1	this marked his second collaboration with nani.
1	after that the villagers became muslim too.
1	the municipality will come with some projects.
1	brown outscored ivy opponents 177 to 136.
1	they stare at each other before smiling.
1	a sandstock chimney remains at one end.
1	preston bus was sold in january 2011.
1	lately non-executive director uk atomic energy authority.
1	luthor and his men escape by helicopter.
1	the church of lukumi babalu aye inc.
1	ronnie moodley chief executive arhag housing association.
1	supporting state-provided mother child and youth care.
1	rouse his position as a public servant.
1	jane mrs. smart executive director plantlife international.
1	in both cases the parser will stop.
1	it was only released in limited quantities.
1	other goods were produced using ash wood.
1	d.p. thomson lady glenorchy and her churches.
1	the similar operation torch was later successful.
1	for services to the community in somerset.
1	it is used mostly for football matches.
1	he began his shooting career in 1933.
1	pakistan also runs the gce education level.
1	sukonny and tatar quarters however stayed safe.
1	she went on to attend in takaishi.
1	it is democracy in our economic life.
1	he was waived on september 1 2017.
1	it is found on papua new guinea.
1	this story is almost certainly not true.
1	the orlan-dm and later models are self-sustaining.
1	the film was met with mixed reviews.
1	the series is streaming online on youtube.
1	they threatened the hindus with mass slaughter.
1	john marinovich was the school's first principal.
1	the firm incorporated on august 13 1898.
1	sometimes drinks other than beer are used.
1	she got attention by losing her temper.
1	invariably polywater could no longer be made.
1	standards at levels 4 5 and 6.
1	gravana rum is prepared from sugar cane.
1	british and south african forces captured harar.
1	foreign language includes both spanish and german.
1	in 1938 belovo was granted town status.
1	cypress wood became popular in egypt quickly.
1	the company went live in april 2013.
1	the next innermost loop regulates motor speed.
1	when it's over tell them who won.
1	the pilot suffered minor or no injuries.
1	stewart lambie chairman arran mountain rescue team.
1	the apertureis approximately one-third the total altitude.
1	mark adrian wilson honorary british consul bali.
1	tophouse is located near state highway 63.
1	good quality recording and very tasteful tones.
1	thus the series became seven books long.
1	chaps are allowed but not always worn.
1	this information is stored for two years.
1	there are many legends surrounding the property.
1	they certainly didn't inspire the working classes.
1	a multi-bicyclist collision happened during close-up filming.
1	he was likely a farmer and dairyman.
1	it covers musculoskeletal diseases and orthopedic surgery.
1	ashwathama supports his father by praising arjuna.
1	the school of law retained its name.
1	he attended queensboro college in flushing queens.
1	p. k. shukla and n. n. rao.
1	they supported a market for high-grade food.
1	the deal was closed on october 18.
1	london and new york: bloomsbury methuen 2020.
1	it has also been recorded from canada.
1	sergei yursky actor seasons 7 and 9.
1	sergei svetlakov actor tv host season 9.
1	stenhouse also made contact with the wall.
1	after a sharp skirmish sitting bull withdrew.
1	the firm of t.k. bellis turtle co.
1	for services to the community in jersey.
1	credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
1	it is arbitrarily defined to be long.
1	the neighborhood around hoofddorpplein square became hoofddorppleinbuurt.
1	bacon tj baden dj coccodrilli ld (2000).
1	clinton falls township was organized in 1858.
1	pavel shatev born in kratovo in 1882.
1	rankings are as of march 23 2009.
1	electronic instruments create various colours of noise.
1	it was broadcast on itv in 1962.
1	written and directed by cory wexler grant.
1	they are found in the tharsis quadrangle.
1	the project was finished by late 1965.
1	the leaping mullet breeds in the summer.
1	d.p. thomson by the water of leith.
1	at each end it incorporates irrigation canals.
1	the store was in business through 2016.
1	in the 1980s sem radios are introduced.
1	it was released on august 18 2017.
1	it was certified platinum by the snep.
1	yasuda h ochi h tsumagari t (1984).
1	it is 10'x24' on a brick foundation.
1	there is a very old church here.
1	neltenexine (trade name alveoten) is a mucolytic.
1	she was the eldest of seven children.
1	additional restrictions are placed on foreign adopters.
1	the 11-month transition period ended relatively smoothly.
1	after 1801 brown continued to publish prolifically.
1	clearswift was founded as net-tel in 1982.
1	the civil war consequently escalated in intensity.
1	it attracts about 10,000 people a year.
1	the first edition was held in 1991.
1	paul richard streets chief executive diabetes uk.
1	enumeratio seminum regni horti botanici taurinensis 1860.
1	they have profited from the rising corruption.
1	she submitted acioly and won the fight.
1	to hold the renaissance in our hands.
1	did they hatch a plot against dodon?
1	akhos (distress) grips me you destructive daimon.
1	vii received positive reviews from music critics.
1	for services to the life sciences sector.
1	in 2013 1213 pairs nested at rockabill.
1	p. k. shukla and r. k. varma.
1	proceedings of the royal society of queensland.
1	instead he decided to return to cyprus.
1	the brook still flows under the city.
1	he took office on 29 may 1999.
1	events from the year 1986 in ireland.
1	this was a substantial two track building.
1	on may 8 2019 the michigan sec.
1	bombshell was born and raised in lusaka.
1	he can not touch a barrel himself.
1	yorkshire fell to fourth in the championship.
1	it was described by degeer in 1775.
1	his technique was precise academic and detailed.
1	the execution of this work is precise.
1	he died in 1896 in wannsee berlin.
1	we don't want those developments in japan.
1	it is endemic to lebanon and israel.
1	between hundar and diskit lie sand dunes.
1	prefere treat the young 15-year old cruelly.
1	in later years hydraulic chocks were used.
1	for services to the corporation of london.
1	in addition there were 32 chinese passengers.
1	she married malachi blankenship in june 2017.
1	they enter and find lucy's coffin empty.
1	the village has a population of 120.
1	the am signal operates during daytime only.
1	it was described by fauvel in 1906.
1	the xps 15 shipped with windows 8.1.
1	mata'utia was assigned the number 1 jersey.
1	this species is endemic to the philippines.
1	the station has an underground island platform.
1	the music was composed by amal mukherjee.
1	he then graduated from sanger high school.
1	after the war chilula sailed for home.
1	mina prepares for her journey upsetting dracula.
1	the total cost was estimated at $3,300.
1	bangladeshi society does not support these either.
1	in 2007 he retired from writing nonfiction.
1	sulzberger was known for her philanthropic activities.
1	he later produced documentary-type illustrations for look.
1	nosek backed by gottwald refused to yield.
1	lately chief executive officer lloyds banking group.
1	for services to economics finance and business.
1	for services to public health and science.
1	the empire guaranteed this peace in 1751.
1	this race was a non medal event.
1	only anecdotal evidence exists concerning woodrat carnivory.
1	kenan woke up and says hey clavis!
1	it is the most northernly haida settlement.
1	seleznyov was born on 22 july 1959.
1	as newspapers were publishing many serial novels.
1	the tmem69 gene located on chromosome 1p34.
1	hall played college football at texas tech.
1	botha was unwell for most of 1919.
1	so there are still much to solve.
1	dominick basso 63 american mobster and bookmaker.
1	the offer was rebuffed by the leaders.
1	robina was a jeffrey before marrying arthur.
1	it is found in bangladesh and myanmar.
1	robert law ma from 1689 to 1692?
1	on 13 march 1965 he received ordination.
1	it is one of the oldest localities.
1	it adjoins the country of the quorn.
1	i have only done this once before.
1	the preliminary round was started at 09:30.
1	he was finally eliminated by jim colbert.
1	popular publications include havebog for almuen (1856).
1	it was released on 30 march 1962.
1	boron is responsible for the blue color.
1	the inquiry generated 13,000 pages of transcript.
1	will return at 10pm et 7pm pt.
1	the corals do not form reef structures.
1	open air museums at huldreheimen and lislestog.
1	nakayama graduated from takushoku university in 1937.
1	due to complexity adoption of lti v1.
1	the british lost only one man killed.
1	zoomorphism appears on objects beyond household items.
1	d. tristis seidlitz 1891 d. tristis desbr.
1	the village has a population of 161.
1	sam eventually meets mattie's nephew donovan gray.
1	here the birds avoid heavily forested regions.
1	the occult in russian and soviet culture.
1	the thin man is dedicated to hellman.
1	announced schedules as of june 16 2022.
1	the final mission is one such mission.
1	the film was set in the 1920s.
1	the melendiz stream flows through the valley.
1	she actually likes the producer nicknamed dracula.
1	he previously played for nice and brest.
1	the festival involves musical and theatrical offerings.
1	owing to societal curse she commits suicide.
1	the station opened on 12 june 1866.
1	brown also sung vocals for several tracks.
1	the boat had a complement of fifty-five.
1	vaux died 8 september 1661 aged 74.
1	there was a real softness to her.
1	he was named captain for the match.
1	it is a grade ii listed building.
1	that's not my idea of great acting.
1	it gives policymakers an overview and context.
1	these telephone modules never reached the market.
1	it was released on december 17 1972.
1	the village has a population of 70.
1	soon she returns home as a widow.
1	several species have a prominent head crest.
1	the truth about murder (1946) as dist.
1	he treats her infertility without nathan's knowledge.
1	it is served by several bus routes.
1	she was played by actress melissa leo.
1	this is often described as political participation.
1	muhammad rafiq tarar former president of pakistan.
1	hunt oil company sponsored the 2010 race.
1	while it was sanctioned by warner bros.
1	this was the last yugoslavian basketball season.
1	it has a population of about 950.
1	he married the dutch-born writer stephanie vetter.
1	aesan pervez 27 from halifax four years.
1	she usually beats them at video games.
1	dewi meirion lewis is a welsh physicist.
1	every week has two short films competing.
1	he and his wife have two children.
1	p was an american physiologist and writer.
1	kentucky will be better for his absence.
1	the total number of voters was 3,998.
1	the total number of voters was 21,861.
1	he has two children ainsley and graham.
1	initially the school conducted only one shift.
1	its height was raised to in 1951.
1	the album includes their cover of fin.
1	hamilton's radial railway system became increasing unified.
1	baluchi (asian and african grammatical manuals 17b).
1	irrealis mood consists of the suffix abe.
1	ospis is a mountain of bavaria germany.
1	an address to the hon. edmund burke.
1	he continued officer training there into 1918.
1	these cards also represent a player's health.
1	a short version appeared in granta magazine.
1	ifeanyi chudy momah politician lawyer and legislator.
1	godfrey writes much of her own material.
1	carnival glorys home port is new orleans.
1	hohenlohe was born at bartenstein in hohenlohe-bartenstein.
1	in 2007 officials present a new logo.
1	the gui automatically adjusts screen orientation accordingly.
1	he moved to ashanti gold in 2018.
1	otherwise he will be punished very hard.
1	it was part of the orkdalen region.
1	it is found in kwazulu-natal south africa.
1	mohideen was born on 28 february 1939.
1	some special rules apply within the city.
1	brian trubshaw 77 british test pilot (concorde).
1	for more see chase maryland rail wreck.
1	rice university is only a mile away.
1	he punted 14 times for 448 yards.
1	he is thrown into prison but escapes.
1	they also arrested civilians and police officers.
1	dillinger was promptly escorted backstage by officials.
1	in 1684 manuel ramos built the pulpit.
1	martin retired from the army in 1945.
1	he was born on 7 may 1955.
1	on august 5 2014 the original justin.
1	they joined the forces already in austria.
1	smoot was allowed to remain as editor-in-chief.
1	it is unclear how the virus materialized.
1	track 2 is a cover of crash!
1	a man called spade and other stories.
1	in 2001 he became mayor of vorsfelde.
1	those transactions were finalized on november 25.
1	that would make orthomerus a nomen dubium.
1	hickory reaches the championship game in indianapolis.
1	she is fond of writing and poetry.
1	this surplus-sold rifle had the markings: cal.
1	he was awarded a triumph in 81.
1	many take picnics to enjoy the view.
1	vehicles of the convoy sustained bullet damage.
1	ed asner appears as eddie's uncle nick.
1	it was also largely unoccupied by colonists.
1	mausoleum of zakariya ibn adam ashaari qomi.
1	during the drama kurumisawa made cameo appearances.
1	teams in bold finished in playoff positions.
1	the grizzly received mixed reviews from critics.
1	little bighorn (june 1876) original airdate: oct.
1	roby took the general election unseating bright.
1	this syndrome is often accompanied by asthenia.
1	cloyd was released on july 15 2019.
1	versailles was abandoned from 1715 to 1722.
1	personal and personnel issues entered into play.
1	imatinib was developed by rational drug design.
1	dave dickson in his review for kerrang!
1	it became operational on 1 november 1974.
1	his opponent was attorney general don stenberg.
1	the escorts stopped to pick up survivors.
1	the crusaders reached constantinople on 23december 1096.
1	special orders required the approval of parliament.
1	turnov is located about south of liberec.
1	allmusic rated the album with 3 stars.
1	the video is directed by jeff nicholas.
1	the school regularly competed in inter-school competitions.
1	he mainly composed vocal and choral works.
1	it spent 25 weeks on the chart.
1	the top six advanced to the play-off.
1	there is no secondary school in coolangatta.
1	isiah whitlock jr. as special agent peterson.
1	in 1820 the elkhorn association reported bro.
1	lammons has won two atp doubles title.
1	by this time hal had 140 employees.
1	it also reached number 1 on amazon.
1	could we lose the war on terror?
1	i mean this happens all the time.
1	internationally he represented spain at euro 1988.
1	oxford textbook of public health 3rd edition.
1	he attended buckhurst hill county high school.
1	this causes several conflicts within the story.
1	he played college football at fisk university.
1	josephson and his brother louis became lawyers.
1	the flucard sets up a wireless network.
1	she is married to composer fred thaler.
1	villalangua is located 55km northwest of huesca.
1	they met dr sun yat-sen for co-operation.
1	thelma lou was portrayed by betty lynn.
1	robert david revell tractor driver sandringham estate.
1	national record 2014 for tallest water ride.
1	the new mediator was pope paul ii.
1	webster high school was closed in 1963.
1	he graduated from hamilton college in 1843.
1	the origin of the name is uncertain.
1	white's pawn promotes and black's gold recaptures.
1	brown is fluent in the samoan language.
1	she then became a teacher of english.
1	imatinib works by stopping the bcr-abl tyrosine-kinase.
1	clay was a much more common material.
1	d. in american history from yale university.
1	he graduated in 1944 from calcutta university.
1	for services to business and the economy.
1	following his confession granviel was immediately detained.
1	philip sackett lately clerk minster parish council.
1	italian cuisine has developed over the centuries.
1	the greens vote decreased slightly by 1.7%.
1	nor is there to him any equivalent.
1	it was also used for other sports.
1	by 1923 marsh began to paint seriously.
1	guaranteed records was a sublabel of carlton.
1	she is currently based in the uk.
1	it was released on 29 march 2019.
1	she was relaunched on 31 may 1744.
1	it is located in st. paul minnesota.
1	it was described by pic in 1927.
1	later in 1987 the greyhound lines inc.
1	supply was back to normal by 11:00pm.
1	bus services were divided into two subsystems.
1	he was raised in ottobrunn in bavaria.
1	the fountain was removed during the 2010s.
1	original stl implementation by stepanov and lee.
1	d.a. a transdisciplinary handbook of design anthropology.
1	this mountain stage departed south-east from saint-girons.
1	they divorced one or two years later.
1	the motives behind the attacks were unclear.
1	bellomo is the son of salvatore bellomo.
1	he suffers from rheumatism and debilitating fevers.
1	it measures 31 feet by 21 feet.
1	he was consecrated on 10 june 1229.
1	professor's house which houses the museum offices.
1	he makes a complaint about the pair.
1	the village has a population of 1,800.
1	today germany operates many different sigint platforms.
1	players can also design a custom race.
1	kunte was the first professional marathi journalist.
1	the exchange ran from 2003 to 2010.
1	he finally completed the project in 1909.
1	there is the question of swift himself.
1	on leaving school jackson went into journalism.
1	tete is the capital of the province.
1	dr. taylor was one of eight siblings.
1	ade frequently entertained at his indiana estate.
1	there are three grades in this level.
1	her second husband was edmund mauthner (1868-1909).
1	it was described by breuning in 1942.
1	gold extraction was mostly done by slaves.
1	she took office on december 15 2020.
1	his loyalty to the ndp was tenuous.
1	does that make me a bad guy?
1	this was against the wishes of picoult.
1	van haren was born in superior az.
1	it was released on 20 november 2000.
1	he suffers and faints with each masterpiece.
1	it has also been recorded from sichuan.
1	he was born in aberdeenshire in 1733.
1	it was described by pascoe in 1865.
1	in september a mutiny broke out aboard.
1	andrew promised not to impair ecclesiastical privileges.
1	in 1962 nelson mandela was his guest.
1	they are yet to defeat the vafa.
1	she was editor-in-chief of seventeen from 2007-2014.
1	it was released on 19 april 2013.
1	there are smaller windows in the aisles.
1	he played junior football for ardrossan kangaroos.
1	sprockets typically do not have a flange.
1	each atom has one non-interacting unpaired electron.
1	for me it was why the vortices.
1	sandia has also produced a comprehensive guide.
1	hermine is the feminine form of herman.
1	secret sigint material would be marked (s-cco).
1	their stories teach us something about life.
1	in 2010 she retired as professor emerita.
1	they are ranked 12th in the world.
1	the agile wallaby is not considered threatened.
1	the product was manufactured by map ltd.
1	it is known from pakistan and india.
1	atwakire is a member of the upfsp.
1	however his identification is not clearly known.
1	production editorial and research standards are high.
1	he was married but had no children.
1	this colourless oil is commonly abbreviated diars.
1	there is taxi service from the city.
1	louisville is in the eastern time zone.
1	all titles are now printed in dundee.
1	in large theaters amplification must be used.
